JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 22nd, 1801,

In the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

October the 22nd, 1801,

In the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 56.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

Containing His Majesty's Declaration, That it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Great Britain; and commanding the said Lords and Commons to give their Attendance accordingly.

GEORGE R.
---
Whereas by the Fourth Article of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, as the same are ratified and confirmed by Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland," the other passed in the Parliament of Ireland,

also intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Irelandto have Force and Effect from the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, it is provided, that if We, on or before the said First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, on which Day the Union is to take place as aforesaid, should declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland', on the Part of Great Britain; then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the said United Kingdom, on the Part of Great Britain: And whereas it is Our Intention to appoint Thursday the Twenty-second Day of January next ensuing for the assembling of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom; We do judge it to be expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the Part of Great Britain: And We do, pursuant to the said Articles of Union, and to the Acts of Parliament ratifying and confirming the fame, hereby declare, under Our Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Great Britain j and the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain are accordingly to be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Great Britain; and the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, are hereby required and commanded to take Notice hereof, and to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Twenty-second Day of January next ensuing.

Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the Fifth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, in the ' Forty-first Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

declaring His Majesty's Pleasure for holding the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and appointing the Time and Place of Meeting thereof.

GEORGE R.

WHereas, in pursuance of the Fourth Article of the Articles of Union between Great Britain and Ireland, as the same have been ratified and confirmed by Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, and both intituled, "An Act for the Union " of Great Britain and Ireland We have thought fit to

declare, by Our Royal Proclamation iliiied under Our Great Seal of Great Britain on. the Fifth Day of November last, that it was expedient that the Lords and Commons of the then Parliament of should be

Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Great Britain: And We did by the same Proclamation notify Our Intention to appoint Thursday the Twenty-second Day of January Instant for thealfembling of such First Parliament of the said United Kingdom, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of Our said United Kingdom: And whereas, by force and in pursuance of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, and recited in and made Part of the said Two Act s for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and intituled, "An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords " Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to lerve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of " Ireland shall be summoned and returned to the said " Parliament and in consequence of Our having by Our said Proclamation under Our Great Seal of Great Britain,of the Fifth Day of November last, declared that it was expedient that the Lords and Commons of the then Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, Four Lords Spiritual, and Twenty-eight Lords Temporal, and One Hundred Commoners, have been appointed, cholen, and declared (according to the Circumstances of the several Cafes) to be the Members of the respective Houses of the said First Parliament of the said United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland: We do, by this Our Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, declare and publish Our Will and Pleasure to be, and do hereby appoint, that Our First Parliament of the said United Kingdom shall meet and be holden at Our City of Westminster, on the said Twenty-second Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One; whereof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of Our said First Parliament of the said United Kingdom, and all others whom it may concern, are hereby to take Notice. And We do hereby direct and command, in pursuance of the said Fourth Article of the said Articles of Union, that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in the said Parliament on the Part of Ireland, be returned in such Manner as by the said Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons* to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament, such Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, are directed to be returned according to the Circumstances of each particular same of the several Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so appointed, cholen, and declared to be the Members of the

- 3

ivspective Houses of the said United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland. And We do hereby further (with the Advice aforesaid) declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, that Our said Parliament of Our laid United Kingdom shall, on the said Twenty-second Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, be holden and fit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the said Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster, on the said Twenty*second Day of January Instant.

Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

Declaring His Majesty's Pleasure concerning the Royal Stile and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns Armorial, Flags, and Banners thereof.

GEORGE R.

WHereas by the First Article of the Articles of Union of Great Britain and Ireland, ratified and confirmed by Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, and respectively intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and ," it was

declared. That the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland should upon this Day, being the First Day of January in the Year of Our Lord One thousand Eight hundred and One, for ever after 6e united into One Kingdom, by the Name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Royal Stile and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns Armorial, Flags, and Banners thereof, should be such as We, by Our Royal Proclamation, under the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, should appoint; We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to appoint and declare that Our Royal Stile and Titles shall henceforth be accepted, taken, and used, as the same are set forth in Manner and Form following > that is to say, the same shall be express'ed in the Latin Tongue by these Words: — " GEORGIUS TERT1US, Dei Gratia, Britanniarum Rex, Fidei " DefenforAnd in the Tongue by these

Words: — " GEORGE the THIRD, by the Grace of " God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and <( Ireland King, Defender of the Faith." And that the Arms or Ensigns Armorial of the said United Kingdom shall be Quarterly, First and Fourth, England; Second,-Scotland; Third, Ireland: And it is Our Will and Pleasure, that there shall be borne therewith, on an Efco-cheon of Pretence, the Arms of Our Dominions in Germany, enfigned with the Eleftoral Bonnet. And it is Qur Will and Pleasure, that the Standard of the said United Kingdom shall be the same Quarterings as are hereinbefore declared to be the Arms or Ensigns Armorial of the said United Kingdom, with the El'cocheon of Pretence thereon hereinbefore described: And that the

Union Flag shall be Azure, the CrofTessSaltires of Saint Andrew and Saint Patrick quarterly per Saltire Counter changed Argent and Gules j the latter fimbriated of the Second; lurmounted by the Cross of Saint George of the Third, fimbriated as the Saltire. And Our Will and Pleasure further is, that the Stile and Titles aforesaid, and also the Arms or Ensigns Armorial aforesaid, shall be used henceforth, as far as conveniently may be, on all Occasions wherein Our Royal Stile and Titles, and Arms of Ensigns Armorial ought to be used. But nevertheless it is Our Will and Pleasure, that all such Gold, Silver, and Copper Monies as, on the Day before this First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, were current and lawful Monies of Great Britain, and all such Gold, Silver, and Copper Monies ds shall, on or after this Day, be coined by Our Authority with the like Impreffions, until Our Will and Pleasure shall be otherwise declared, shall be deemed and taken to be current and lawful Monies of the said United Kingdom in Great Britain , and that all such Gold, Silver, and Copper Monies as, on the Day before this First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, were current and lawful Monies of Ireland, and all such Gold and Silver, and Copper Monies as shall, on or after this Day, be coined by Our Authority with the like Impressions, until Our Will and Pleasure shall be otherwise declared, shall be deemed and taken to be current and lawful Monies of the said United Kingdom in Ireland; and all such Monies as shall have been coined for and issued in any of the Dominions of the said United Kingdom, and declared by Our Proclamation to be current and lawful Money of such Dominions respectively, bearing Our Stile, or Titles, or Arms, or Ensigns Armorial, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all Monies which shall hereafter be coined and issued according to such Proclamations, shall continue to be lawful and current Money of such Dominions respectively, notwithstanding such Change in Our Stile, Titles, and Arms, or Armorial Bearings respectively as aforesaid, until Our Pleasure shall be further declared thereupon. And all and every such Monies as aforesaid shall be received and taken in Payment in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and in the Dominions thereunto belonging, after the Date of this Our Proclamation, in such Manner, and as of the like Value and Denomination as the same were received and taken before the Date hereof. And it is also Our Will and Pleasure that the several Dies and Marks, which have been used to denote the Stamp Duties, and all other Stamps and Marks and Inltruments, which, before the issuing of this Our Proclamation, shall have been in actual Ule for any Public Purpose, and in which Our Royal Stile and Titles, or Our Arms or Ensigns Armorial, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, may be expressed, shall not, by reason of this Our Proclamation, or any Thing therein contained, be changed or altered, until the same may be conveniently so changed or altered, or until Our Pleasure shall be further declared thereupon: But that all such Dies, Stamps, Marks, and Instruments respectively, bearing Our Royal Stile and Titles, or Arms or Ensigns Armorial, used before this First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, or any Parts or Part of such Stile, Titles, or of such Arms or Ensigns Armorial, shall have the like Force and Effect, as the same had before the said First Day of January Instant.

Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

1

Lord Steward's Deputation.

/GEORGE Earl of Leicester, Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, and One of His Majesty's Mo/l Honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper , Knight, Alafter of the Rolls; the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Henry Addington; the Right honourable Henry Dundas, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; the Right Honourable Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet; the Right Honourable Richard Fitzpatrick-, the Right ho-

nourable John Foster; the Right honourable John Beres/ord; the Right honourable Sir John Parnell, Baronet; the Right honourable John Charles Villiers; the Right honourable Dudley Ryder; the Right honourable Thomas Steele-, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham-, the Right honourable William Windham, His Majesty's Secretary at War; the Right honourable Sir William Scott, Knight; the Right honourable Thomas; the Right

honourable George Canning; the Right honourable William Dundas:, the Right honourable John; the

Right honourable Lord Viscount CaJUereagh; the Right honourable George Ogle; the Right honourable Maurice Fitzgerald; the Right honourable William Brabazon Ponjonby; the Right honourable Jones;

the Right honourable Denis Broivne; the Right honourable Charles Henry Coote; Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet; Sir John Sinclair, Baronet; Sir Robert Ainjlie, Knight; Charles Shaw Le/evre, Esquire; the Honourable Charles Marsham; Sir Robert Abercromby, Knight of the moil Honourable Order of the Bath; Charles Alexander Esquire; Sir Wharton Amcotts, Baronet; Sir Richard King, Baronet; John Major, Esquire; Sir Ho-

llywood, Baron> t; Sir Richard Carr Glyn, Baronet; Sir John William Anderson, Baronet; the Right Honourable Lord Arden-, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire; Francis Anneftey, Esquire; the Honourable William; Sir

Walter Stirling, Baronet; William Taylor, Esquire; the Honourable Cornwallis-, Richard Martin, Esquire;

JoJhv.aSmith, Esquire; James Grant, Esquire; the Honourable William Townshend; Sir William Geary,

Bayonet; William Meeke, Esquire; William Curtis, Esquire; Harvey ChriJUan Combe, Esquire; the Honourable Robert Curzon-, Joseph Chaplin Hankey, Esquire; Sir George Douglas, Baronet; Noah Dalway, Esquire; Nicholas Vunfit tart, Esquire; John Frere, Esquire; Edward Golding, Esquire; John Smyth, Esquire; Sir Williams

Wynn, Baronet; William Wilberforce, Esquire; Snowden Barne, Esquire; Joseph Holden Strutt, Esquire; the Honourable William Cornwallis; Thomas Stanley, Esquire; Henry Strachey, Esquire; Sir Richard Baronet; Henry Alexander, Esquire; Henry Peters, Esquire; Isaac Gascoyne, Esquire; Sir Bloxam, Knight; Thomas

Tyrwhitt, Esquire; the Honourable Frederick Stuart; George Roje, Esquire; Charles Long, Esquire; George Porter, Esquire; George Shum, Esquire; James Adams, Esquire; the Right honourable Lord Viscount; Thomas

Jones, Esquire; Sir Thomas Fetherstone, Baronet; Sir John Wrottesley, Baronet; Patrick Heron, Esquire; Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet; James Martin, Esquire; Gujlavus Rochfort, Esquire; the Honourable Henry; Evan Nepean,

Esquire; Sir Philip Stephens, Baronet; Banajlre Tarleton, Esquire; the Honourable John Eliot; John Gower,

Esquire; William Morton Pitt, Esquire; Andrew Strahan, Esquire; Lewis Bailey Wallis, Esquire; William Main-waring, Esquire; John Sargent, Esquire; Petiruddocke Wyndham, Esquire; Sir Vaughan, Baronet;

EdmundWiglcy, Esquire; Sir William Young, Baronet; Charles Abbot, Esquire; William Baker, Esquire; of Lancashire, Esquire; Scrope Bernard, Esquire; Charles Bragge, Esquire; Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire; Rowland Bur don, Esquire; Sir William Hcathcote, Baronet; the Honourable Henry Lascelles; Thomas Kemp, Esquire; Charles Yorke, Esquire; Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, Baronet; William Esquire; William St urges, Esquire; George Henry

Rose, Esquire; and John Agnew, Esquire, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and " preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the alfembling and setting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall beelcfted or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Twenty-second Day of January Instant, and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, arc, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament, and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of " Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, " Court of Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as "Members of the House of Commons," according to the Directions of another Statute made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, 1 have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Twenty-second Day of January, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Annopte Domini, i8or.

Leicester. (L. S.)

5

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE COMMONS.

Parliam^ntum, inceptum et tenttim apud civitatem Westmonafte-rienfem, die Jovis, 220 die Januarii, anna Regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Britanniarum Regis, Fidei Defenfb-ris, 41 Annoque Domini 18014

Parliament If" "JT Majesty, having by His Royal Declaration I"1' I and Proclamation (hereunto annexed) declared, JL X. appointed, and called His First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and , to

meet on this Day, the Right honourable George Earl of Leicester, Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, came, between Eleven and Twelve of the Clock, into One of the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Jeremiah JDyfon, Esquire, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending according to their Duty; -and Thomas leigh, Esquire, Deputy to the Honourable John Yorke, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery in Great Britain, and Thomas Bourelder, Esquire, Deputy to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Limerick, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery in Ireland (the said Deputies being then there present) jointly delivered to the said Mr. Ley, " a Book, " containing the Names of the Members of the present "Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain " and Ireland, appointed to meet at Westminster, 22d " January 1801 the Lord Steward did himself, in

Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared, and afterwards made a Commission or Deputation under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) empowering several of the Alembers who had before been (worn, and others, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members, some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats. in the House of Commons.

Meflige to at* After which, a Message was brought by Sir Francis

tend the Lords Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Comnuilioa- J

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Vol. 56.

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House went up to the House "of Peers; where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other Lords on a Form, between the Throne and ther Woolfacks, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

HIS Majesty not thinking fit to be present here pariiament this Day in His Royal Person, has been pleased, opened by in order to the opening and holding of this Parliament, Commi(iioa-to cause Letters Patent to be passed under His Great Seal, constituting us, and several other Lords therein-named, His Commissioners, to do all Things in His Majesty's Name, on His Part, necessary to be performed in this Parliament; this will more fully appear by the Letters Patent themselves, which must be now read.

Then the said Letters Patent were read; and are as followeth;

GEORGE R.

YJR O RG E the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

King, Defender of the Faith. To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas We have lately, for divers difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our said United Kingdbm of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Church, ordained this our'present Parliament to begin and to be held at Our City of Westminster,on the Twenty-second Day of

January, in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign; and for-as much as for certain Causes, We cannot conveniently be present in Our Royal Person, in Our said Parliament, upon the said Twenty-second Day of Know ye, that We, trailing in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Care, of Our most dear and entirely beloved Son and most faithful Councillor George Prince of Wales

C Our

Lord Chancellor's Speech.

6 ' 23°

Our most clear Sons and faithful Councillors Frederick Duke of York, William Duke of Clarence, Edward Duke of Kent, ErnejiDuke of Cumberla; the most Reverend Father in God, and Otrr faithful Councillor John Arch-bishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England; Our well-beloved anl faithful Councillor Alexander Lord Loughborough, Onr Chancellor of Great Britain; Our most dear Cousins and Councillors John Earl of Chatham, President of Our Council, John Earl of Westmorland, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, William Henry Duke of Portland, one of Our principal Secretaries of State, James Marquis of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household, George Earl of Leicester, Steward of Our Household, Philip Earl of Chej John Earl of Sandwich^ George John Earl Spencer, John Jeffries Earl Camden, George Evelyn Viscount Falmouth-, the Right Reverend Father in God And Our faithful Councillor Lord Bishop of Lotidon; Our well-beloved and faithful Councillors William WyndhamLord Grenville, one other of Our principal Secretaries of State, George Granville Lord Gozver Sutherland, William Shazv Lord Robert Lord Hobart, Thomas Lord William

Lord Auckland, Wei bore Lord Mendip, George Lord Macartney, and John Lord Eldon, Chief Justice of Our Court of Common Pleas; by the Advice of Our laid Council, do give and grant, by the Tenor of these Presents, unto the said Prince of Wales, Duke of York, Duke of Clarence, Duke of Kent, Duke, of Cumberland, Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Loughborough, Earl of Chatham, Earl of Westmorland, Duke of Portland, Marquis of Salisbury, Earl of Leicester, Earl of Chesterfield, Earl of Sandwich, Earl Spencer, Earl Camden, Viscount Falmouth, Bishop of London, Lord Grenville, Lord Gower Sutherland, Lord Cathcart, Lord Hobart, Lord W Lord Auckland,

Lord Mendip, Lord Macartney, and Lord Eldon, and any Three of them, full Power, in Our Name, to hold Our laid Parliament; and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the lame; and to proceed upon the said Affairs in Our laid Parliament, and in all Matters arising therein; and to do every Thirg which for Us, and by Us, for the good Government of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of other Our Dominions belonging to Our said United Kingdom, shall be therein to be done: And also (if necessary) to continue, adjourn, ,jind prorogue Our said Parliament; commanding also, by the Tenor of these Presents, with the Consent of Our said Council, as well all and every the Arch-bishops, Bishops, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and Knights, as all others whom it concerns, to meet in Our said Parliament; that to the same Prince of Duke of York,

Duke of Clarence, Duke of Kent, Duke of Cumberland, Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Loughborough, Earl of Chatham, Earl of Westmorland, Duke of Portland, Marquis of Salisbury, Earl of Leicester, Earl of Chesterfield, Earl of Sandwich, Earl Spencer, Earl Camden, Viscount Falmouth, Bishop of London, Lord Grenville, Lord Gower Sutherland, Lord Cathcart, Lord Hobart, Lord Walfmgham, Lord Auckland, Lord Mendip, Lord Macartney, and Lord Eldon, and any Three of them, they diligently intend in the Premises in the Form aforesaid. In Wit-nels whereof We have caused these Our Letters to be made patent. Witness Ourself at the

Twenty-first Day of January, in the Forty-first Year of Our lteign.

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Yorke.

And then the Lord Chancellor said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We have it in Command from His Majesty to let you know, that His Majesty will, as soon as the Members of both Houses shall be sworn, inPerson declare to you 3

Januarii. . 1801.

the Causes of His calling this Parliament; and it being necessary a Speaker of the House of Commons should be first chosen, it is His Majesty's Pleasure, that you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, repair to the Place where you are to lit; and there proceed to the Choice of some proper Person to be your Speaker; and that you present such Person, whom you shall so choose, here Tomorrow, at Twelve o'Clock, for His Majesty's Royal Approbation.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable Thomas Pelham, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of addressing

himtelf to the Deputy to the Clerk of the House (who Handing up, pointed to him, and then lat down) proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right honourable Henry Addington; in which Motion he was seconded by Charles Yorke, Esquire, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Cambridge.

The House then calling Mr. Addington to the Chair, he Hood up in his Place, and expressed the Sente he had of the Honour proposed to be conferred upon him, and submitted himself to the House.

And William Wilberforce, Esquire, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of having spoken in

support of the Motion;

The House again unanimously called Mr. Addington to the Chair, and he was taken out of his Place by the said Mr. Pelham and Mr. Yorke, and conducted by them to the Chair; where. Handing on the upper Step, he returned his humble Acknowledgments to the House for the great Honour they had been pleated to confer upon him, by unanimously chooling him to be their Speaker.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair; and then the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, commonly called Lord Hazukesbury, one of the Barons of the Town and Port of Rye, having congratulated Mr. Speaker ele<ft, moved that the House would adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Januarii;

Anno 41° Georgii III'1' Regis, 1801.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect having taken the Chair;

A MefTage w;as brought by Sir Francis Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to the said Lords Commissioners, for His Majesty's Royal Approbation: And Then the Lord Chancellor, one of the said Lords Commissioners, signified His Majesty's Approbation of Mr. Speaker elect.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased, by His Commissioners, to approve of the Choice the House had made of him to be their Speaker; and that he had, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble

Mr. Addington cholen Speaker.

Mr. Speaker

approved of by the Kin£.

Mr. Speaker takes Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths*

Members take Oaths.

41 Geo. III. 230-a40-a60-27°-28<,-29°-3 7

ble Petition to His Majesty, laid claim to all the ancient Rights and Privileges of the Commons, particularly that their Persons, their Estates, and Servants, might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates; may have Access to His Majesty's Royal Person whenever Occasion shall require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Construction; which, he laid. His Majesty, by His said Commissioners, had confirmed to them, in as full and ample Manner as they have been at any Time granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his most respectful Acknowledgments to the House, for the Horfour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker then put the House in mind, that the first Thing to be done, was to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, as by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker first alone, (landing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration.

And, after him, several other Members took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and one of the said Members having been returned to serve in the last Parliament of Great Britain, and not having taken his Seat there, delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, as by Law required.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 240 di yanuarii $

Anno 410 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luncs, 26° die yanuarii;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and one of the said Members having been returned to serve in the last Parliament of Great Britain, and not having taken his Scat there, delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, as by Law required.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo I. 56. /

Martisy 2 70 die yanuarii;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Pray e rs.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 8° die yanuarii;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801;

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and fub-icribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 2 90 die yanuarii.

Anno 41* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 310 die yanuarii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lun<e.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

House adjourns.

Members take Oaths.

Message to attend His Majesty.

Members take Oaths.

Outlawry Bill, read.

Mr. Speaker reports the King's Speech.

3° Februarii. A. 1801.

Lunce, 2°die;

Anno 41* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and fub-lcribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Message from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this HonourableHouse to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Several other Members present took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandcstine Outlawries, was read the FirftTithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had this Day attended His Majesty in the Hdufe of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

At a Crisis so important to the Interests of My People, I derive great Satisfaction from being enabled, for the first Time, to avail Myself of the Advice and Assistance of the Parliament of My United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

This memorable /Era, distinguished by the Accomplishment of a Measure calculated to augment and con-folidate the Strength and Resources of the Empire, and to cement more closely the Interests and Affections of My Subjects, will, I trust, be equally marked by that Vigour, Energy, and Firninels, which the Circumstances of our present Situation peculiarly require.

The unfortunate Course of Events on the Continent, and the Consequeuces which must be expected to relult from it, cannot fail to be Matter of Anxiety and Concern to all who have a just Feeling for the Security and Independence of Europe.

Your Astonishment, as well as your Regret, must be excited by the Conduct of those Powers whole Attention, at such a Period, appears to be more engaged in Endeavours to weaken the Naval Force of the Empire, which has hitherto oppoled so powerful an Obstacle to the inordinate Ambition of France, than in concerting the Means of mutual Defence against their common and increasing Danger.

The lleprefcntations which I directed to be made to the Court of VeterJl 'urgh,in Consequence of the Out-

rages committed against the Ships, Property, and Per-Ions, of My Subjects, have been treated with the utmost DilVelpect; and the Proceedings of which I complained have been aggravated by subsequent Acts of Injustice and Violence.

Under these Circumstances a Convention has been concluded by that Court with those of Copenhagen and Stockholm, the Object of which, as avowed by one of the contracting Parties, is to renew their'former Engagements for establishing by Force, a new Code of Maritime Law, inconliftent with the Rights and hostile to the Interests of this Country.

In this Situation, I could not hesitate as to the Conduct which it became Me to pursue. I have taken the earliest Measures to repel the Aggressions of this hostile Confederacy, and to support those Principles which are elfential to the Maintenance of Our Naval Strength, and which are grounded on the System of Public Law, so longestablished and recognized in Europe.

I have, at the same Time, given such Afl'urances, as manifest My Disposition to renew My ancient Relations with those Powers, whenever it can be done consistently with the Honour of My Crown, and with a just Regard to the Safety of My Subjects. You will, I am perl'uaded, omit nothing on your Part, that can afford Me the most vigorous and effectual Support in My firm Determination to maintain to the utmost, against every Attack, the Naval Rights and the Interests of My Empire.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have directed the Estimates for the several Branches of the Public Service to be laid before you: Deeply as I lament the continued Necessity of adding to the Burdens of My People, I am periuaded you will feel with Me the Importance of providing effectual Means for those Exertions which are indispensibly requilke for the Honour and Security of the Country.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am confident that your Deliberations will be uniformly directed to the great Object of improving the Benefits of that happy Union, which, by the Blessing of Providence, has now been effected; and of promoting, to the utmost, the Prosperity of every Part of My Dominions.

You will, I doubt not, resume the Enquiries which were lo diligently prosecuted in the last Session of Parliament, as to the belt Means of relieving My Subjects from the Pressure of the present high Price of Provisions; and of preventing, as far as it can be done by human Forelight, the Recurrence of similar Difficulties. In these Endeavours, and in every Measure that can contribute to the Happiness of My People, the great End of all My Willies, you may be allured of My cordial Concurrence.

You may rely on My availing Myself of the earliest Opportunity which shall afford a Prol'pest of terminating the present Contest, on Grounds consistent with Our Security and Honour, and with the Maintenance of those elfential Rights on which Our Naval Strength must always principally depend.

It will afford Me the truest and most heartfelt Satisfaction whenever the Disposition of Our Enemies shall enable Me thus to restore to the Subjects of My United Kingdom the Ble flings of Peace, and thereby confirm and augment those Advantages which relult from Our internal Situation, and which, even under all the Difficulties of War, have carried to so great an Extent the Agriculture, Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue of the Country.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne; to allure His Majesty, that the Commons of 1 iis United Kingdom embrace with the utmost Satisfaction the first Opportunity of humbly testifying to His Majesty those Sentiments of Duty and Attachment to His Majesty's Person and Government , and of Zeal for the Honour

of

Motion for AHdrcfs on King's bp etch.

5° Eebruafii.

of His Crown and the Interests of His Dominions, which will uniformly dire ft all their Proceedings:

That we trust the Advantages resulting from the Accomplishment of that important Measure which distinguishes the present /Era, and which is calculated to augment and consolidate the Strength and Resources of the Empire, and to cement more clolely the Interests and Affections of His Subjects, will encourage and ani-.mate a brave and loyal People to that Vigour, Energy, and Firmness, which the Circumstances of our present Situation so peculiarly require:

That we lament the unfortunate Course of Events on the Continent, and the Con sequences which mull be expected to rel'ult from it, and which indeed cannot fail to be Matter of Anxiety and Concern to all who have a just Feeling for the Security and Independence of Europe:

That, at such a Period, it must fill us with Astonishment that any of the Powers of , instead of concerting the Means of mutual Defence against their common and increasing Danger, should be engaged in Endeavours to weaken the Naval Force of the Em-

pire, which has hitherto opposecl so powerful an Ob-ltacle to the inordinate Ambition of France:

That the Disrespect with which the Representations which His Majesty directed to be made to the Court of Pelerfburgh, in consequence of the Outrages committed against the Ships, Property, and Persons,of His Subjects, have been treated, and the subsequent Acts of Injustice and Violence which have aggravated the Proceedings of which His Majesty complained, must excite the just Indignation of His Majesty's faithful Subjects:

4. That we feel the indispensible Necessity of vigorous and effectual Measures to repel the Aggressions of any Confederacy, formed for the Purpose of establishing by -Force, a new Code of Maritime Law, inconsistent with the Rights, and hostile to the Interests of this Country:

That we shall fee with the greatest Satisfaction the iirft Moment when His Majesty's ancient Relations with Powers long in Amity with His Majesty can be renewed consistently with the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and with a just Regard to the Safety of His Subjects; but that His Majesty may at all Times rely on our affording Him the most vigorous and effectual Support, in a firm Determination to assert those Principles which are grounded on the System of Public Law, so long established and recognized in Europe-, and to maintain to the utmost against every Attack the Naval Rights and the Interests of His Empire:

That we acknowledge with Gratitude the gracious Expressions of Concern with which His Majesty observes the continued Necessity of adding to the Burdens of His People; but that, while we sincerely participate in that Sentiment, it is impossible for us not to feel the Importance of providing effectual Means for those Exertions which are indispensibly requisite for the Honour and Security of the Country:

That we beg His Majesty to believe, that our Deliberations will be uniformly and diligently directed to the great Object of improving the Benefits of that happy Union, which, by the Blessing of Providence, has now been effected, and of promoting to the utmost the Prof-perity of every Part of His Majesty's Dominions:

That we shall take the earliest Opportunity to resume the Enquiries prosecuted in the last Session of Parliament, as to the bell Means of relieving His Majesty's Subjects from the PrclTure of the present high Price of Provisions, and of preventing, as far as it can be done by human Forefight, the Recurrence of similar Difficulties: That, impressed with a deep and grateful Sense of His Majesty's unceasing Anxiety to contribute to the Happiness of His People, we have the fulleft Reliance on His availing Himself of the earliest Opportunity which shall afford a Prospect of terminating the present Contest on Grounds consistent with our Security and Vox. 56.

Honour, and with the Maintenance of those Rights on which our Naval Strength must always principally der pend; and that we shall cordially participate with His Majesty in Sentiments of the truest and most heartfelt Satisfaction, whenever the Disposition of our Enemies shall enable His Majesty thus to restore to the Subjects of His United Kingdom the Blessings of Peace, and thereby confirm and augment those Advantages which result from our internal Situation, and which, even under the Difficulties of War, have carried to so great an Extent the Agriculture, Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue* of the Country.

An Amendment t was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " to allure His Majesty that " to the End of the Question, in order to inlert these Words; " this House wilfproceed with all " possible Dilpatch to make such Enquiry into the general State of the Nation, but more especially into our " Relations with Foreign Powers* as may enable us to *c offer to His Majesty such Advice as we may think most " conducive to the Honour of His Crown, and to the " general Interests of His Dominions:

" And further to assure His Majesty, that if, owing to " any unjust and unreasonable Pretensions on the Part " of the Enemy, Peace cannot be obtained on such " Grounds as are consistent with our Security j and the " Differences which appear unhappily to have arisen between His Majesty and the Northern Powers, are of " a Nature which press for immediate Decision, if the " Representation which His Majesty has directed to be " made to the Court of Peterj in consequence of " the Outrages committed against the Ships, Property;

and Persons of His Majesty's Subjects, should not be " effectual in obtaining such Reparation as the Nature " of the same shall require, and the Impoffibilitypf any " equitable Adjustment, shall render a new and moreextended War inevitable, we will give His Majesty every " Support which the Means of the Country can afford,

" in the just Hope and Confidence that His Majesty's " paternal Care for the Welfare of His People, will induce Him to take such Measures as shall hencefor*

" ward prevent a calamitous Waste of their remaining " Strength and Resources, by improvident and ineffectual Projects, or by general Negligence and Profufion; and shall secure a wife and vigorous Administration of their Affairs, under the unexampled Difficulties in which they are involved."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Wathin Williams ,7

John Smyth: i

Tellers for the Noes, [Hr' *5^'

' I Mr. Hobhouse:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne; to assure His Majesty, that the Commons of His United Kingdom embrace with the utmost Satisfaction the first Opportunity of humbly testifying to His Majesty those Sentiments of Duty and Attachment to His Majesty's Person and Government, and of Zeal for the Honour of His Crown and the Interests of His Dominions, which will uniformlydireft all their Proceedings:

That we trust the Advantages resulting from the Accomplishment of that important Measure which distin-guilhcs the present /Era, and which is calculated to augment and consolidate the Strength and Resources of the Empire, and to cement more closely the Interests and Affections of His Subjects, will encourage and animate a brave and loyal People to that Vigour, Energy, and Firmness, which the Circumstances of our present Situation so peculiarly require:

D That

Resolution for Address on King's Speech.

That we lament the unfortunate Course of Events on the Continent, and the Consequences which must be expected to result from it, and which indeed cannot fail to be Matter of Anxiety and Concern to all who have a just Feeling for the Security and Independence of Europe:

That, at such a Period, it must fill us with Astonish* ment that any of the Powers of Europe, instead of concerting the Means of mutual Defence against their common and increasingDanger, should be engaged in Endeavours to weaken the Naval Force of the British Empire, which has hitherto opposed so powerful an Obstacle to the inordinate Ambition of France:

That the Disrespect with which the Representations which His Majesty directed to be made to the Court of Petersburgh, in consequence of the Outrages committed against the Ships, Property, and Persons, of His Subjects, have been treated, and the subsequent Acts of Injustice and Violence which have aggravated the Proceedings of which His Majesty complained, must excite the just Indignation of His Majesty's faithful Subjects: That we feel the indispensible Necessity of vigorous and effectual Measures to repel the Aggressions of any Confederacy, formed for the Purpose of establishing by Force, a new Code of Maritime Law, inconsistent with the Rights, and hostile to the Interests of this Country:

That we shall fee with the greatest Satisfaction the first Moment when His Majesty's ancient Relations with Powers long in Amity with His Majesty can be renewed consistently with the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and with a just Regard to the Safety of His Subjects j but that His Majesty may at all Times rely on our affording Him the most vigorous and effectual Support, in a firm Determination to afiert those Principles which are

grounded on the System of Public Law, so long efta-lished and recognized in Europeand to maintain to the utmost against every Attack the Naval Rights and the Interests of His Empire:

That we acknowledge with Gratitude the gracious ExprefSons of Concern with which His Majesty observes the continued Necessity of adding to the Burdens of His People j but that, while we sincerely participate in that Sentiment, it is impossible for us not to feel the Importance of providing effectual Means for those Exertions which are indispensibly requisite for the Honour and Security of the Country:

That we beg His Majesty to believe, that our Deliberations will be uniformly and diligently directed to the great Object of improving the Benefits of that happy Union, which, by the Blessing of Providence, has now been effected, and of promoting to the utmost the t Prosperity of every Part of His Majesty's Dominions: That we shall take the earliest Opportunity to resume the Enquiries prosecuted in the last Session of Parliament, as to the belt Means of relieving His Majesty's Subjects from the Pressure of the present high Price of Provisions, and of preventing, as far as it can be done by human Forefight, the Recurrence of similar Difficulties:

That, impressed with a deep and grateful Sense of His Majesty's unceasing Anxiety to contribute to the Happiness of His People, we have the fulleft Reliance on His availing Himl'elf of the earliest Opportunity which shall afford a Prospect of terminating the present Contest on Grounds consistent with our Security and Honour, and with the Maintenance of those Rights on which our Naval Strength must always principal ly depend; and that we shall cordially participate with His Majesty in Sentiments of the truest and most heartfelt Satisfaction, whenever the Disposition of our Enemies shall enable His Majesty thus to restore to the Subjects of His United Kingdom the Blessings of Peace, and thereby confirm and augment those Advantages which result from our internal Situation, and which, even under the

Difficulties of War, have Carried to so great an Extent the Agriculture, Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue of the Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Wil-

hams Wynn, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Chancellor or the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mj\ Beresford, the Earl Temple, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Canning, Lord Viscount Mr. Thomas

Grenville, Lord Granville Gower, the Lord

Hawkesbury, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Adams, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. , Mr. Abbot, Mr. Shaw Lefevre ,or any Five of them: And they are to

withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Tipperary, both the late Members for the said Borough in the Parliament of Ireland having resigned their Seats, and no Writ having been issued)

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Union of " Great Britain and Ireland J' might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Return Book with respect to the said Borough, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clonmell, in the County of Tipperary; both the late Members for the said Borough in the Parliament of Ireland having resigned their Seats, and no Writ having been issued.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Right honourable John Joshua Earl of Carysfort in Ireland, now Baron Carysfort, called up

to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kerry, in the room of the Right honourable Maurice Fitzgerald, who hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Wexford, in the County of Wexford, in the room of Francis Leigh, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Escheator of

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do ilfuc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dundalk, in the County of

Louth,

Committee appointed Id draw up Addreis-

Kins'* Speech refer* red.

Clonmell

Writ.

Stamford

Writ.

Kerry Writ.

Wexford Town Writ,

Dundalk

Writ.

Kiniale Writ.

Kilkenny City, Writ.

Cambridge

Writ

Chester Roads Petition.

41 Geo. III. 30

11

Louth, both the late Members for the said Borough in the Parliament of Ireland having religned their Seats* and no Writ having been issued;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Return Book with respect to the said Borough, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in to make out a new

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dundalk, in the County of Louth; both the late Members for the said Borough in the Parliament of Ireland having resigned their Seats, and no Writ having been issued.

Consideration of & Committee *. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. OJboru,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber* and have Power to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol of Chelmsford Chelmsford, ill the County of Essex, was presented to J?*btor* Pe* the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, 1UW"* and praying Relief.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of , in the County of Cork, in the room of William Rowley, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Kilkenny, in the room of William Talbot, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Escheator of Ulster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of Major General Robert Manners, who hath accepted the Office of Avener and Clerk Marshal to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 3® die Februarii;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of Chejfer, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Nezvport, in the County of Salop, and also several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Second District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed for the said Second District of Roads, have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be properly maintained, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District, be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District of Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Vol. tfi.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and Borough-authorized to put irt Execution an Act, made in the bridse ;md Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- RaidsBeri-jesty, for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers non. of Two Acts, of the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One Ad, and for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and also, of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising under and by virtue of the said Act, whose Names are -thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rfeft of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Trustees have borrowed considerable Sums of Money* at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted under and by virtue of the said Act, to the Amount of £. 7,500, which Money is now due and owing; and that the present Tolls have been found inadequate to complete the Repairs of the said Road* and to keep the same in Repair, and to re-pay the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, unless the Tolls and Powers thereby given be further continued* altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, amending, altering, and making more effectual, the said Act, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Grey, &c. 5 And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Tynemouth of the Allotments of the Lands set out by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign tion. of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, Moor, or Trad of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, < other Tynemouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tyne-mouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby appointed divided and allotted the said Trad of Waste Land, and set out several Roads through or over the fame; but the Commissioners were not by the said Act authorized to ascertain or determine what Parts of the said Roads were to be amended, and kept in Repair* by the respective Townships, wherein the said Moor or Waste Land was situate, or to which Allotments of the said Lands were set got, and therefore Doubts and

Disputes

12 3° Februarii. ji. 1801.

Disputes have arisen touching the fame, and the said a due Course of Law, "will be attended with great Dif-Act is in other Respects defective: And therefore pray- ficulties, and tedious and expensive Suits and Litiga-ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tions; and inasmuch as the said Moors, Commons, or ' ascertaining and settling in what Manner, and by whom, Tracts of Waste Land, and the said Two Parcels of the different Parts and Proportions of the said Roads Land called the , otherwise the and

are to be amended, and kept in Repair, in future, and Shaw , in their present State are of little Use or for otherwise amending the said Act, in such Manner Service to any of the Parties claiming to be interested as the House shall think proper. therein, but are capable of Cultivation and great Im-

Ordered, That the said Petition "be referred to the provement, and it would be of Advantage to the said Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Parties that the same should be divided and inclosed, and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it specific Shares thereof allotted to them respectively, ac-shall appear to them, to the House: cording to their several Rights and Interests therein.

And it is referred to Mr. Bur don, Mr. Grey, &c.: and that the aforesaid Right of Commonage on the said And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Inter-common Lands should be extinguished: And the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with and under such Or-

ders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. Fnmwellgate, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Petition.*0111 thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ancient Messuages or Burgages within the City of Mr. Burdon and Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do prepare, Durham, the Borough of From we/lgate, and the Parishes and bring in, the fame, of Saint Mary-le-Bow and Little Saint Mary, commonly called the North Bailey and South Bailey, in or near the A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in said City of Durham, Freemen of the said City of Durham, Execution Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year

resident therein, or in the Suburbs thereof, and Owners of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-of Freehold and Copyhold or Customary and Leasehold cond, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping ments, within the several Townships of Framwellgate in Repair, the Roads from through Ewell, to

and Witton-Gilbert,in the County Palatine of Durham, Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and

and within other Townships or Places contiguous or Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey, and for amend-near adjoining thereto, for and on the Behalf of them- ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from selves and other, the Owners of such ancient Messuages the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common or Burgages as aforesaid, other the Freemen of the said Fields, to the Turnpike Road on Borough,

City, and other the Owners of Freehold and Copyhold in the said County, was presented to the House, and or Customary and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have pro-Tenements, and Hereditaments, having or claiming ceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and bor-Right of Common upon the several Moors, Commons, rowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of or Tracts of Waste Land, Parcels of Land, and Inter- the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due $ common Lands, herein after mentioned, was presented and great Progrel's hath been made in repairing the to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, said Roads , and that the Money, so borrowed and within the Township of Framwellgate and Manor of due as aforesaid, cannot be re-paid, nor the said Roads Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham, certain kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts Moors,. Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, called be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered Framwellgate Moor, High BraJ's Side Moor, Low Brass and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may Side Moor, Harber Moor, and Well Springs Moor, con- be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, taining together, by Estimation, 1,200 Acres, or there- and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, abouts; and that there are also, within the Township in such Manner as the House shall think proper, of Framwellgate aforesaid, Two Parcels of Ground known Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

by the several Names of the Intack, otherwise the Cow Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Pasture, and Shaw Wood, containing together, by mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Estimation, 150 Acres, or thereabouts, which said Two shall appear to them, to the House:

Parcels of Ground lie within and are Parcel of the said And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord //77-Manor of Chester-, and that there are also, within and Ham &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Parcel of the said Manor of Chester, and within the Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Township or Parochial Chapelry of Witton-Gilbert Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, aforesaid, certain other Moors, Commons, or Tracts and Records, of W afte Land, called Findon Hill Moor and Potter

Moor, containing together, by Estimation, 530 Acres, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc or thereabouts; and that there is also, within the said thereunto subscribed, redding in or near the respective Township or Chapelry of Witton-Gilbert, and within and Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, and the Vill of Sarr, Parcel of the Manor of Lanchester, in the said County in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, was pre-of Durham, a certain other Moor, Common, or Trad fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the of Waste Ground, called CharlowMoor, containing. Road from the City of Canterbury to the said Vill of by Estimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that Sarr, and the Roads thence to the said Towns of there are also, within the said several Townships of Margate and Ramsgate, are in a very ruinous Condition, Framwellgate and Wt t/on-Gilbert,certain Parcels of In- narrow, circuitous, and incommodious for Travellers closed Lands which, as well as the said Two Parcels of and Carriages, and cannot be properly amended, and Ground called the Intack, otherwise the Cow Pajlurekept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and and Shaw Wood, are subject to Commonage thereon, that it will be expedient, that so much of an Act, made called Right of Inter-common, from Saint Cuthbert's in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Day in September to Saint Cuthbert's Day in March, in Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, every Year; and that the settling, determining, and the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and ascertaining, of the Claims to Right of Common of the Places within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and several Claimants in and upon the said several Moors, the Liberties thereof; and also several Streets, and other Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, Intack, or Cow Places near, or adjoining to, the said City, and for re-Pasture, and Shaw Wood, and Inter-common Lands, by moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstrucnons,

Nuisances,

Epsom amt Euell Roads Petition.

Canterbury Roads Petition.

Cfcefterfield and Derby Hoads Petition.

41 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

13

Nuisances, and Ann6yan£es therein, as relates to the Erection of a Turnpike on the Road leading from the said City to the Isle of Thanet, and to the demanding* taking, and receiving, Tolls for any Horses or Carriages to pass through the fame, should be repealed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper, ..

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to.- meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petit ion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Alls, made for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernjl one-lane-head, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was pasted, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernjione-lane-head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Bajlow and Ward-low, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardloio Mires, and also the Road leading from the said Road and Branch from Culver Bridge. to BaJIoiv Bridge, and also, the Road from the Turnpike Road near New haven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby \ and that another Act was passed, in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act; and that the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have for that Purpose borrowed at different Times considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, a great Part of which (till remains due; and that it would be highly advantageous to the Public if the Road leading from Bajlow to Bakewell was turned, diverted, or altered, from or near a certain Part of the said Road, in the Liberty of Bajlow, called Wetlands Lane, lying near Bajlow aforesaid, up, by, or nearly by, the North Side of a certain Brook called Rhimas Brook to the Place where the same Brook unites with the Handley Brook, and eroding the said Brook called Rhimas Brook, and proceeding from thence through the Liberty of Birchill to a place called Harrifons Lane, between Eden for and the Turnpike Road from Bakewell to HciJJop, and proceeding from thence through the Liberties of Bakewell, Holme, and Longstone, to the Turnpike Road near a Place called the Dry Hills, within the Liberty of Longsione or Holme, or one of them, and uniting the re with the said Turnpike Road from Bake-well to Hajjbp aforesaid; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, diverted, improved, and kept in R 'pair, nor the said existing Debt paid off, unless the Term granted by the said Acts, which is near expired, be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof, which are in several Respects defective, altered and amended, and the Tolls now authorized to be collected increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall fem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they doexa-

Vol. 56.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Lord John RvjJ'ell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Woodbrid^e Clergy, Merchants, and others, whole Names are there-unto lubscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, tition. Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Shire Hall, in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the broad Street, in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the county of 'Suffolk, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the said Road palfes through a very populous and rich Part of the County of Suffolk, where there are many Corn and Dairy Farms, and, if Powers were given for repairing, widening, and improving the same, it would be of Advantage to all Persons having Occasion to travel thereon, and a considerable Improvement of the several Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome,&cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow r Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and.

Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wilton Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Lieutenant General Philip GoldIf-worthy, deceased.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Fordhamln-unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Pc'

Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fordham, in the County of Cambridge> was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Toikc and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Honourable Edward Foley, and KinfareTn-Eliza Maria Foley his Wife, and of the Reverend Thomas Philip Foley, Clerk, and Robert Honeyborne, Esquire, the surviving Trustees under the Settlement made previ-oully to and in Contemplation of the Marriage of the E said

Hertingford-bury Inclo* sure Petition*

Sarkway and Bted X^ivi-fion and Allotment Petition*

said Edward fioley with the said Elhct Maria Foley his "Wife, being Lords of the Manor of Kinver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, and Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* within the said Manor, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being also Owners and Proprietors of Messuages. Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor* and having Right of Common upon the Commons or Waste Lands, or upon some or One of the Commons or Waste Lands, within the same Manor* for and on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands interested in the said Commons or Waste Lands, or in some or One of them, was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called

Common, Great Checkhill, and Little Checkhill, containing

in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts, which in their present State afford little Profit or Advantage to the several Persons interested therein; but, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a Veryconsiderable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons or Waste Lands to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Sir John JVrottesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of certain Common Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, the same would be attended with very great Advantage to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Calvert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes and Hamlets, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners therein lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Parties interested if the same were divided and allotted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, exonerating from Tythes, and laying in Severalty, the said Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations* as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition of the Reverend John Gregory, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Stonesfe/d, in the County of Oxford, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Parish, there is a large Trait of uncultivated DovVn Land, and sundry Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which are intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and also Commons and Commonable Rights appurtenant thereto, or usually held or enjoyed therewith, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foi dividing and inclosing the said Tract of Down Land, and the said Open and Common f ields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and all Commons, and Commonable Rights appurtenant thereto, or usually held or enjoyed therewith, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners and others interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of and in proportion to their rel'pedrive Lands, Tythes, Dues, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein respectively, by such Ways and in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantity of Coals shipped from the Six Places following* v St. Davids, Dyfart, fVemyfs, and from the Commencement of the Year 1790 to the Commencement of the Year 1801; distinguishing the Amount in each Year, and Product of each Place respectively and distinguishing also those sent to Foreign Countries, to London, and Coastwaystoany ether Part of Great Britain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Produce of the Tax upon Income for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, as far as the same can be made up and estimated; distinguishing the Amount in consequence of the Assessments of the Commercial Commissioners.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarters ending the 5th of July and 10th of ORober 1800, and the 5 th of January 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Bank of England Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Month, from the 25th of October 1800* distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing whatlncreale or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for the Year x 800.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion, do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances, do fit every ‘Fhurfday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered,

Sfonesfield

Inclosure

Petition*

Account*, ordered:

Coals shipped at Alloa, &c.

Produce of Income Tax*

Consolidated

Fund*

Bank Note® in Circulation.

Increase or Diminution of Salaries,

S'C of Public Offices*

Grand Committees ap* pointed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee For Courts of Justice, do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade, do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

Committee of And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragg "oiut'd Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary

*PP u c Dmidas, Mr. Secretary at War, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Banket, Mr. Baker, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr; Ryder,

Mr. Tierney, Mr. GreyMr. Wallace, Mr. Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Sheridan, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Sidney Torke, Mr.

Beresford, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Daly, the Lord Haxvkesbury, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Eliot,

> Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Martin of Tewkesbury, Mr. Canning, Mr. Stttrges, Lord Viscount Boyle, Sir William Pulteney, Sir William Geary, Sir John Mr. Hobhouse,

Mr. Ellison, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Martin of Galway, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Grenville, Lord Viscount Stop/ord, Mr. William Dundas, Sir George Dallas, Mr. Johnstone, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Arden, Sir Robert Ainjlie, Mr. Annejley, Mr.; and all the

Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the r Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during ihe Time the Matter is in Debate.

Crime and Misdemeanor; and this Horise wili proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender;

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Cafe, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Debated posed, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections Other ufitaf for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, Order* made, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving; in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part to the Petitioners; or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Other nfoal Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Cham*

Order* made. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, for any her be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the County, City, Borough, or Place, in that Part of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked united Kingdom called Great Britain, do question the same up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the nextafterany new Return shall be brought in; and that all House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Members, who are returned for Two or more Places in House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber Great Britain, do make their Election by this Day Three every Day before the Door is locked up.

Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided

there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, of Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting, during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all

Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of till their Returns are determined. . Middlesex and do take Care, that, from

Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through to serve in Parliament. the Streets between Temple Bar and stminster Hall

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder hath procured himself to be elctfted or returned a the Passage of the Members to and from this House; Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid. will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Person. Care that there be no Gaming, or oth?f Disorders, in

Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no hath been tampering with any Witness, in respcift of Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, thereint his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Com- or thereabouts.

.mittee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endea- Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High voured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, Bailiff of; and that he do fee the same put

or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High in Execution,

Vol. 56. Ordered,

Ordered, That no footman be permitted to be within Hie Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to difobty the Orders of the House; and that . no l'uch Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post O.hce to this House, or iome other Person, to be appointed by the Poll; Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the Jeaft immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon tiil Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the lame.

Ordered, That the said O.iicer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the Poll Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the Home, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after l'uch Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into appointed to Consideration what additional Orders, and what other Orders necef- Regulations, it may be proper to make relative to the fary in con- Proceedings of this House in consequence of the Union the UUuion°f Great Britain and Ireland; and that they do report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee u'as appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, the Lord Hawkesbury, Lord Viscount Cajllercagh,. Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Mr.

Mr. JohnBeresfard, Mr. Daly, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Richard Trench, Lord Viscount Boyle, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bagwell, Mr. Bragge: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn reported from the Com- Address n*

mittee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had Jsrte to" drawn up an Addreis accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament aflertibled, b-g Leave to return Your Majesty cur most humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We embrace, with the utmost Satisfaction, the first: Opportunity of humbly testifying to Your Majesty those Sentiments of Duty and Attachment to Your Majesty's Person and Government, and ot Zeal for the Honour of Your Crown and the Interests of Your Dominions, winch will uniformly direct all our Proceedings.

The Advantages resulting from the Accomplishment of that important Measure, by which the prclent vEra is diuinguished, and which is calculated to augment and consolidate the Strength and Relburces of the Empire, and to cement more dolely the Intere [Is and Affections of Your Majesty's Subjects, w ill, we trust, encourage and animate a brave and loyal People to that Vigour, Enctgy, and Firmncfs, which the Circumstances of our prclent Situation so peculiarly require.

The unfortunate Course ot Events on the Continent, and the Consequences which must be expected to re-fult from it, cannot ndeed tail to be Matter G Anxiety and Concern to an who have a just Feeling for the Security and Independence ot Europe-, and it fills us with Astonishment, as well ms Regret, that, at such a Period, any of the Powers of Europe, inttcad ot concerting the Means of mutual Defence against their common and increasing Danger, should lie engaged in Endeavours to weaken the Naval Force of the Empire, which

has hitherto opposed to powerful an Obftacie to the inordinate Ambition of France.

The Disrespect with which the Representations which Your Majesty directed to be made to the Court of Pe-terjburgh, in consequence of the Outrages committed against the Ships, Property, and Persons of Your Subjects, have been treated, and the lubiequent Aifts of Injustice and Violence which have aggravated the Proceedings of which Your Majesty complained, must, we are confident, excite the jull Indignation ot Your Majesty's faithful Subjects; and we feel the indilpcnfi-ble Necefifty of vigorous and effectual Measures to repel the AggrelTions of any Confederacy tomied for the Purpose of establifiling, by Force, a new Code of Maritime Law, inconsistent with the Rights, and hostile to the Interests, of this Country.

We shall look forward, with Earneftncfs, to the first Moment when Your Majesty shall find it practicable to renew the ancient Relations with Powers long in Amity with Your Majesty, confidently with the Ilmour of Your Majesty's Crown, and with a just Regard to the Safety of Your Subjects; but Your Majesty may at all Times rely on our affording You the most vigorous and effectual Support, in a hrm Determination to assert those Principles which are grounded on the System of Public Law so long established and recognized in Europe, and to maintain to the utmost, against every Attack, the Naval Rights and the Interests of the Empire.

We acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, Your Majesty's gracious Expressions of the Concern with which Your Majesty observes the continued Necessity of adding to the Burdens of Your People; but, while we sincerely participate in that Sentiment, it is impossible for us not to feel the Importance of providing effectual Means for those Exertions which are indispen-

libly

i Geo. III. 30 Februarii. in

iibly requisite for the Honour and Security of the

Country.

Permit us to allure Your Majesty, that our Deliberations will be uniformly and diligently directed to the great Object of improving the Benefits of that happy Union, which, by the BlelTing of Providence, has now been effected, and of promoting to the utmost the Prosperity of every Part of Y our Majesty's Dominions.

We shall take the earliest Opportunity to relume the Enquiries prosecuted in the lad Session of Parliament, as to the bed Means of relieving Your Majesty's Sub-jeifts from the P re flu re of the present high Price of Provisions, and of preventing, as far as it can be done by human Forelight, the Recurrence of similar Difficulties.

Impressed with a deep and grateful Sense of Your Majesty's unceaiing Anxiety to contribute to the Hap-pincls of Your People, we have the fulled Reliance on Your Majesty availing Yourself of the earlied Opportunity which shall afford a Prol'peff of terminating the present Conted on Grounds confident with our Security and Honour, and with the Maintenance of those Rights on which our Naval Strength mud always principally depend. And we shall cordially participate with Your Majesty in Sentiments of the trued and most heartfelt Satisfaction, whenever the Dil of our Enemies shall enable Your Majesty thus to redore to the Subjects of Your United Kingdom the Blessings of Peace, and thereby confirm and augment those Advantage? which result from our internal Situation, and which, even under all the Difficulties of War, have carried to so great an Extent the Agriculture, Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue of the Country.

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech, of Ycderday, to both Houses of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

The said Address was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

King's Speech Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech

d«red.COnfi* *° Houses of Parliament be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Committef on Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider

«nsap- of the present high Price of Provisions; and to report P ‘ the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Frere, Mr. Henry Lafcdles, Mr. Dazcfon, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Beresford, Sir William Pultency, Mr. Crezve, Mr. Prciich, Mr. Hawkins Browney Mr. Nicholas Vavfittarty Mr. Staples, Mr. Stanley, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartoppy Mr. EJlcovrt, Mr. Martin of Galway, Sir John Mordaunty Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Rochford, Mr. Plumes, Mr. Burden, Mr. Bakery Mr. Charles Dundas, Lord-Viscount Boyle, Lord John RuJJ'dl, Mr. John Fane, Sir Andrew Snape Ham end, Mr. Bagzocl/, the Matter of the Rolls, the Lord Hawkejlur\\Lord Viscount Caflereagh, Mr. Steele, Mr. Grenville. Sir ‘Thomas Fetherflone, Mr. Lygon, Mr. M'Naghtcn, Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Bankcs, Sir Lazvrence Parsons, Lord Viscount Clifden, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Daly, Sir John IV rottejley, Mr. Dickinson Junior, Mr. Lord

Viscount Be'grave, Air. , the Lord

Vo L. 56.

Sheffield, Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Fitzgerald: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, irt the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the nth Day of November lad, as relates to the high Price of Provisions, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were presented to the House in the lad Session of Parliament, respecting the high Price of Provisions, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Reports which were made from the Committee, appointed in the last Session of Parliament to consider of the high Price of Provisions, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Reports relative to the Dearth of Provisions, which, upon the 22d Day of December lad, were communicated to the Commons, by the Lords, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Sir John Hugh Smyth, Baronet, Sir Tickenhara Abraham Elton, Baronet, James Gordon, Esquire, and potion? others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Commons or Wades lying and being in the Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset, containing together, by Edimation, Five Hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, as Owners or Proprietors of Lands or Tenements within the said Parish, have, in respect thereof, a Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons or Wades, and it would be not only of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons intereded therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons or Wades, as to the House shall seem tneet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bragge and Mr. Hiley Addington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Crowland thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and hq'ofure*11 others, intereded in the Drainage and Inclosureof the Petition. Common Half Years Land, Wadies, and Waste Grounds, in, adjoining, or near to the Township of Cropland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are in, adjoining, or near to the said Township, a Common, called Crow-land Common or Goggushland, containing upwards of 1,050 Acres, and certain Open Half Years Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Wajhes and Fodder Lots, containing together 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, all which said Lands are subject to material Injury by Floods, and otherways annoyed with Water, so as in their present State to be of inconsiderable Value, but, if drained, divided, and inclosed, would materially benefit the Proprietors and Persons intereded therein, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration cf a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

F A Petition

i8

3-4

Eebruarii.

A. i8or.

Blinage and Inclosure Petition.

l>eping, A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Crowiand, kc. Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Drainage and Inclosure of Deeping, Crow/and, Lang/oft. Bast on, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Coivbit.Commons, within the Parts of and

Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the Commons within the Parts aforesaid, many Thousand Acres of Land, of a rich and fertile Nature, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if divided, allotted, inclosed, and properly drained,

and have Records.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts for repairing the Road from tire Town of Fadcaster, through

thing ton, and Pool, to the Town of in the Wed

Riding of the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuanccof the said Acts,

Ta'kifter and Otlcy Road Petition.

would be of great Advantage to the several Persons a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit

interested therein, and of much Benefit to the Com munity at large: And therefore praying, That Leave may Be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy40 die;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Pr A

Y E R S.

The King appoints to be attended by the House.

LORD Viscount Stopfordreported to the House, That

1 His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be at-

of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Road, which hath been laid out for and towards repairing and amending the same, but several Parts thereof are now, from the frequent passing of Lime and Coal Carriages thereon, very unsafe for Passengers, and great Part of the Money lo borrowed is Hill due and owing; and that the Tolls and Duties, by the said Acts directed to be col-ledted and taken, are insufficient to pay oil' the Money so remaining due, and the Interest thereof, anti effectually to repair the said Road, within the now subsisting Term, which is nearly expired; and that the said Road may be amended and kept in Repair if an additional Term be added to the Term granted by the said last-mentiomd Act; and it is expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, which are found defective, should be altered and amended, and the Tolls inercafed: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr. IVilber-

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and havePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take tended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to into Consideration His Majesty's mold Gracious Speech be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His to both Houses of Parliament.

Palace of Saint James. And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted

Bnnlmry and

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

EHgehiiiKoad thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Ex r.ution, edition Two Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Port: near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the

of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in cr by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be were formerly paid to the Predecessors of the Petitioners, sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless but for a long Time part: the Payment of such Tolls hath

the Term of the said Acts is continued, and i'ome of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged :And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dudley North, Lord Charles Spencer, See.: And they are to meet l'o-morrow Morn-

Kine's SpreeK confalcred.

Motion

Supply.

for

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the County of Oxford, to the House called Flic Sun R fug. City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, was at the Top of Edgehill,in the County of Warwick, and presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Tint a the other, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Market, for the Sale of Live Cattle, has for divers Years His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers last part, been held in the said City, in a certain Piece of

Ground there, situate without the Gate, commonly called Saint George's Gate, belonging to the Petitioners, who have, at their own Expence, maintained the Rails and Pens of the said Cattle Market; and that, for the Sale of Cattle in the said Market Place, certain Tolls

To hr considered in a Committee.

Canterbury Market Pet*, tiou.

been discontinued; and that the said Market Place is much too final 1 for the Number of Cattle usually brought to the said City for Sale, and by Reason of the Want of futiicient and expeditious Means of Punishment, divers ill-dil'poled Persons, frequently out of Wan-tonness and Malice, destroy the hid Rails and Pens, to the great Injury of the said Market Place, and to the great Colts and Damage of the Petitioners; and that Cattle are frequently exposed to Sale, and negligently and improvidcntly driven in the Public Streets of the said City, whereby not only the Persons frequenting the said Market, and buying and selling Cattle there, but

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; also the Inhabitants of the said City, and all other Per-

fons

4i Geo. III. 40 — 5"

Tons resorting thereto, are frequently exposed to great Trouble and Danger; and that clivers as well of the Inhabitants of the said City as of the neighbouring Persons frequenting the said Market, and bringing Cattle there for Sale, have applied to the Petitioners to enlarge the said Market Place, by adding thereto a Piece of Ground lying contiguous, 'belonging also to the Petitioners, in the Occupation of Hannah , and to

erect new and proper Fences and Pens for Cattle, and otherwise to improve the said Market Place, and have, for that Purpose, offered to pay certain reasonable Tolls to the Petitioners for the Liberty of exposing Cattle to Sale in such enlarged and improved Market Place, in Consideration of the Loss, Expence, and Charge, to be incurred in the making and maintaining of such Additions and Improvements; and that the Petitioners are willing to comply with such Request, and to make and maintain such Additions and Improvements, upon receiving a reasonable Recompence for the Loss, Charge, and Expence, incurred, and to be hereafter from Time to Time incurred, in and about the Premises: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shallfeem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

King'sAnf- /TR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House

«er to Ad- J^Vx attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their rels‘ Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My particular Thanks for this very loyal and affectionate Address.

The cordial Assurances of your Attachment to My Person and Government, and of your Zeal for the Interests of My Dominions, afford Me the utmost Satisfaction; and the firm and explicit Declaration of your Sentiments in the present Conjuncture of Affairs, must produce the happiest Effect in enabling Me to support with Energy and Vigour the just Rights of My Crown, and the efiential Interests of My Dominions.

Wood bridge Sir Thomas Charles Bunbreported from the Commit-

f#irionR«.d8 *ee>to w'10m the Petition of the several Noblemen, Gen-forttd. ' tlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices relative to Turnpike Bills, required by the Standing Orders of the lloule,

1 to be given in the Months of and September, had

not been given till the Month of January last, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for making the Road, described in the Petition, Turnpike, till the latter End of December, when, at a Meeting of several i V 0 l. 56.

Februarii. 19

Gentlemen, publicly advertised and held, for the Purpose of considering of the Expediency of repairing and improving the said Road, it was their unanimous Opinion, that the same would be attended with much Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and also be of great Public Utility, as there are many considerable Dairy Farms and a very rich Corn Country' immediately adjoining the Line of the Road* and the Committee find that it is not proposed to cut through any Land for improving the Road, except for the Purpose of widening where necessary; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Wayth, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Shire Hall, in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: That the said Road passes through a very populous and rich Part of the County of Suffolk, where there are many Corn and Dairy Farms; and, if Powers were given for repairing, widening, and improving the same, it would be of Advantage to all Persons having Occasion to travel thereon, and a considerable Improvement of the several Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as of Public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are. Ewe]1 Inc|0. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within ture Petition, the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Commons, Wastes, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be greatly improved; and it would also be of Advantage to the several Parties interested, if a proper Compensation were to be made in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes arising from the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effefling the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under Inch Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William RuJJell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Great AMng-unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and petitbn°fUre Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons intcretled, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste

Grounds,

Little Aoing. ton Inclos'ure Petition.

Hilderfhtim Inclol'ure Petition.

Great Ahing-ton and Hil-dulliam In-rlolure Petition,

Ground?, ifi such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ain Charles Ycrke and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition offeveral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement) and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Ope;, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Torke and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Hildersham, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore prayi ng, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Aleadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Charles Torke and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes ot Great Abington and Fiildersham,in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of ad Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air.

Charles Torke and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers ot Estates, or Inhabitants, within the several Pari dies or Paddington, Kenfugtou, Chelsea,the Hamlet of Hammer-

(with, in the Parish of Fulham,the Parish of 111//ben, and the Parish of Harrow, all in the County of Alidddfex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from Paddington to in the County of Middlesex,passing through, or near to, the several Parishes of Paddington, Kensington, the Hamlet of Hammerjmith, in the Parish of Fulham, the Parish of den, and the Parish of Harrozv,all in the County of Middlesex, is very much out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Alanner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 louse:

And it is referred to Air. Main-waring, Mr. Byug, See.: And they are to meet. Tomorrow Alorning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir George William Prefcoil, Baronet, William Alellish, and Neive/l El quires, and

others, Owners and Proprietors of Freehold and Copy-hold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Churchwardens of the said Parish, on Behalf of themlclves, and those for whom they are Trustees, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Aleadows, Marlhcs, and other Commonable Lands, which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed; and that there is also a large Quantity of Open Land, formerly Part of Enfield Chafe, which, by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was, with the Timber Trees and other Trees therein, vested in the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, in Trull for, and for the lole Benefit of, the Owners and Proprietors of Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish, their Heirs and AlTigns, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Undertenants, for the Time being, entitled to a Right ot Common, or other Rights within the said Chafe, according to their several Estates and IntorelL therein, which may also be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Alarlhes, and other Commonable Lands, and the said Open Land, formerly Part of EnfciJ in

such Alanner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, and Mr. Alderman Curtis, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of Estates in the several Parishes of Holme, Hale,

and

Paddington and Harrow d\jadi\Ution«

Tin field Tncto-sure Petition.

Holme, Hde, &c. In cloture Petition.

4i Geo. III. 50. Februarii. 21

and WestBradenham, in the County of Norfolk, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, divert whole Year Inclosures. Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole, by Estima-tion, 3,900 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said whole Year Inclosures and Open Fields, lie very much intermixed and difperied, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but if the fame, together with the said Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Savi/e and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ashby inclo- A Petition of John Julius Esquire, Lord of

tine Petition. Manor and Soke of Kir ton in in the County of Lincoln,of which the Township of in the Parish

of Bottesford, in the same County, is Part and Parcel; and of William Clarke, Clarke, and others. Proprie-

tors of Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, and some Parts thereof frequently covered with Water, so as to render the Cultivation of the same difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors thereof, or otherwise incapable of much Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave mdy be given to bring in a Bill to divide, allot, inclose, and improve the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and for other beneficial Purposes, subject to such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Alburgh, &c. A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers inclosure Pe- Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situ-tition* ated in the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of

in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish and Hamlet, several Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estima-tion, 300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Commonable Messuages and Cottages, Lands, Tenements,

' and Appurtenances, within the said Parish and Hamlet, and have, in respect thereof, a Right of Common in and upon the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that the fame, in their present open and uncultivated State, yield very little Profit; but, if divided, and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, might be inclosed, cultivated,

and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Harrison and Mr. Horatio Walpole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That Mr. Plutner be added to the Centle- Mo»v.er >1 men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, fnejje°, Jjj1"® pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Per- fordiuiry iu-lons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being duiurcBiU. Owners of certain Common Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hein the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Air. Pdinner be added to the Gentle- Member admen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, f^^rkwaj? pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several and Keed ui-Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- ^nneut BiU1' half of themselves and other Owners of Estates within the Pari Ihes of Bar he ay and Reed, in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging.

Mr. Charles Yorke, from the Committee appointed Billtofuf-to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion there- jaft Senion,0 upon, from Time to Time, to the House, acquainted the ordered. House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One " thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence <c to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement " of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufac- *

" turing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other " Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the " Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed " in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying all Persons who may have dressed, fold, or used, any Alcal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act.

And Mr. Charles Yorke moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One " thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence " to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of " the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain,

" and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine " Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the " Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" for permitting Bakers to make and left certain Sorts " of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the " fame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying all Persons who may have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act: And that Mr.

Charles Yorke and Air. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- Return of turn of the Sums of Aloney levied in the different Money levied Counties of Ireland at the Spring and Summer Assizes of irehmC* for the Year 1800 — the said Account to specify the full ordered. Balances remaining in the Hands of the Treasurers of the respective Counties on the lit of January 1801.

Air. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according jiill to fuf-to Order, a Bill to suspend so much of an Act, made in pynd Part of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to semon,0t " prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One thou- presented.

" land Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the " End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the " then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing " of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain,

" and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine

G " Flour

" Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the " Thirtyffixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain " Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision " for the fame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

New windsor A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Road Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of New Windsor, and Parts adjacent, and of the several Parishes of Old Windsor and in the County of

Berks, and also of the several Parishes of Horton and Wyrardifbury, in the County of , and of

worth,in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there was an ancient Bridge pver the River at Datchet, in the County of Bucks, which, being in a very decayed State, at length became impalfable, and, in consequence thereof, such Parts which remained were, in the Month of June, in the Year 1795, pulled down, whereby great Inconvenience has arisen to the Petitioners, and the Public, as there has been no convenient Passage over the Thames in that Part of the Country ever since; and that the Petitioners are informed, it is intended to erect a new Bridge over the River Thames in a Situation more convenient and useful to the Public, viz. from a Place, neara 1'mall Bridge,called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of New Windsor, in the said County of Berks, to the of-pofite Bank, near a Place called Southley, in the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, which is at some Distance from the Scite of the above-mentioned former Bridge; and that the said new Bridge will form a Communication between the Towns, Parishes, and Places, above-mentioned, and divers other Parts of the Kingdom; and that it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners and others, Inhabitants of the said Towns, Parishes, and Places, by making a shorter Communication between the Metropolis and the said Town of New Windsor, and be of Public Utility, if a Turnpike lload was made from the Town of New Windsor aforesaid, to and over the said intended Bridge, and from thence through the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, and the Parishes of Horton, in the said County of Bucks, and of Stanwell and Harmondfivorth, in the said County of Middlesex, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, maintaining, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the said Town of New Windsor, over the said intended new Bridge, into the London Road, at or near the said Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

ilnill appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine or the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain,{or the Year ended the 5th of January 1801, — distinguishing England from Scotland, — and distinguishing, undereach Head of Revenue, the Grofs Receipt,the Rate per Centum for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt, on each Head respectively; — distinguishing also, the Net Produce, the Rate per Centum for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce, on each Head respectively; — distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer; — and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, making Part of, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; — together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service, between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britan for the Year ended the 5 th Day of January 1801, and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year; — and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on the 5th of January 1801 (subject to such Decrrease in the Charge as may aril'e from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt); — distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt exill-ing prior to the Year 1793; — and also the Income derived from the Duties impoled in each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, — and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain existing before the Year 1793, and also of the Taxes impoled in each subsequent Year, — taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon the 5th Day of January 1800 and the 5th Day of January 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from Great Britain, for Sixteen Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1801; — distinguishing each Year;

> — and distinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China from the Value of all other Imports; — and distinguishing the Value of Produce and

Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; — together with the Difference between

Committee td consider of the Motion fora Siipply.

Accounts, ordered:

Public laconic.

Consolidated

Fund,

Permanent

Taxes,

Imports

Exports*

Vessels built and registered.

Vessels entering Inwards and clearing Outwards,

Public Expenditure.

41 Geo. III.

50 Febniarii.

the official Value and the declared Value of Pro-

duce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered, in the seventl Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January j8oi, or to the latest Period to which the same can be made up: — Together with an Account of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th of September in each Year respectively during the Years above-mentioned; — distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Ind

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1801; — distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, — and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; — and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain on the 5th Day of January 1800, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th of January 1801, — and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said Year, have been aiftually applied; — distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to' the following Heads of Service; — ill. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the usual Grant for the same Purpose, and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans; — 2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills; — 3dly. The Civil List; — 4thly. The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund, specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties; — 5thly. The Civil Government of Scotland; — 6thly. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants; — ^thly. The Navy, specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions, for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotages, and Contingencies, for the Marines, for the Victualling, for the Sick and Wounded, for Transports, and for Prisoners of War in Health; — 8thly. The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; — 9thly. The Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services, videlicet, for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps, for Barracks, for Staff Officers and Officers of Garrison, for Half Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Chelsea Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices; — specifying alto, the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Articles thereof; — iothly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries, specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively; — nthly. Mil'ccl-laneous Services, specifying the Amount of the Monies V O L.56.

paid for Services at Home and Abroad reflectively; —

And, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Mo- / nies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Public: Fund-Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the same flood on the ift of February 1801; — distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is created, and in respect of what Sums raised or Bills funded, so far as the same can be ascertained; — distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is invested, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, and the Annuity of 1 per Centum per Annum, upon Capitals created since the 5th of January 1793; — distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ^ff^e0mPtlon Account of the Progress made in the Redemption of 0 the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain to the ift of February 1801; — distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds existing prior to the 5th of January 1793, from those created since that Period; and specifying, as to the Debt prior to 5th January 1793, how much thereof has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt since the 1 ft 6f July 17S6, and at what Average Price of the Stocks, and for what Sums of Money, and what Sums are now annually applicable to the Reduction thereof; — with the like Particulars as to the Debt created since the 5th of January 1793; and specifying also the Amount of the Capital of the said Debt provided for by the Government of Ireland — the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Commissioners by reason of Land Tax redeemed prior to the said ift of February 1801 — and wh.at further Annuities will fall in and become applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Unfunded Account of the Unfunded Debt of Great Britain, and Deln. the Demands outstanding, on the 5 th of January 1801, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other H9ad of Public Service, specifying the fame; — distinguishing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consisted, — and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Civil List and Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies which Revenues^ would have been applicable to the Expences of His Majesty's Civil Government in England, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown enjoyed by his late Majesty had been enjoyed by His present Majesty, from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January 1801, so far as the same can be made up; — dil-tinguilhingeach Year, and the Net Produce ot each of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained: — Shewing also the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty during the same Period, in lieu of those Revenues; — and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament during the said Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debts; — and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account.

Resolved, That all Notices of intended Applications to Parliament for Private Bills, which were given in the- netsiu? Pd-Months of Augv.Jl and September last, and at the Michael- vate Bills. mas Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and also that the Notices given in the Month of December last, relating to Bills of Inclosurc, shall be allowed as sufficient Notices of such Applications respectively, in the present Session of Parliament.

24

6° Februarii.

A. i So i.

Time limited Resolved, That this House will not receive any Peti-Peddons8 t'ons for Private Bills, so far as the same may relate to Matters in Great Britain, after the 13 th Day of March next.

Account of Income, Sec. of Prison in Cold Bath Fields, ordered.

Gilt Spur Street Compter and Ludgate Debtors Petitions.

Account of Butler, kc. provided for His Majesty Service, ordered.

Tickenham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income and Expenditure for the Prison in Cold Bath Fieldf, during the last Three Years, ending

31 ft. December 1800.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gilt Spur Street Compter, in the City of London: And also,

A Petition of the Livery and Freemen Citizens of London confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of Ludgate;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Butter, Cheese, and Beer, provided in Great Britain and Ireland for His Majesty's Service, from the Commencement of the prclent War to the 31st of December last; distinguishing the Quantities provided in each Year, with the Average Prices paid for the same.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

B 0rough-bridge and Durham Roads Petition, reported.

Venerisj 6° die Februarii 5 Anno 41® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801* Prayers.

MR. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and authorized to put in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from in

the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to th.e City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One Act, and for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and also, of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising under and by virtue of the said Act, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the'Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Bowes being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; and that notwithstanding the Tolls collected and received, and the Money lo borrowed, have been duly applied and laid out in the repairing and amending of the said Road, yet, by reason of the many heavy Carriages continually passing thereon with Coals, Lime, and Merchandize of divers Kinds, and many of them with narrow Wheels, which cut and tear up the said Road, and the great additional Expence of providing proper Materials for repairing the fame, which are brought from a considerable Distance to many Parts of the said Road, the present Tolls authorized to be taken upon the said Road have been found inadequate to the Repairs thereof, and to keep the same in Repair, and to repay the several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, unless the Tolls and Powers thereby given be further continued, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Eorougin the County of York, to the City of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tiafts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack, or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, within the several Town drips of and

Witton-Gilbert, and in the several Manors of and

Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Inter-common Lands within the several Townships of Framwelgate and IVitton-Gilbert aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the several Parishes, Chapelries, Villages, or Hamlets, and Places herein after mentioned, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Low Lands and Grounds, containing together 25,000 Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and lying in the several Parishes, Chapelries, Villages, or Hamlets, and Places, of North IVotton, Pi It on, Wej B Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Saint John,

Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcott, hloor-

linch, Catcott, Chilton, Ed in? ten, Co/Jiugfrn,

Hunt spill, Eaf Brent, South Brent, Mark, I! 'c Amove, I\ leave, Burnham, Badgworth, Biddi/ham, Chapel Were,

Puriton, Paivlet, Wookev, and the out Parish of Cuth-

bertin Wells, all in the County of Soand lituatcnear,

and draining into, the River Erne, in the same County; and that the said Lands and Grounds, from their low and flat Situation, are very liable to be flooded, and cannot be properly drained, and receive much Injury and Damage thereby, which is chiefly occasioned by the Bridge, called High Bridge, lying across the said River Rene, the Pal-sage through the same being too lrnall and insufficient to discharge the Water from the said River into the River Parrett, and so into the Bristol Channel, by the circuitous Course of the said River Brue, by the Narrowness of the Passages through another Bridge, called the Hew

Bridge,

Framwelgate; Sec. Inclosure Bill, p relented.

North Wot-ton, See.

D* linage Pe* tin on.

ai Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 25

Bridge, over the said River, and by divers other Qb-structions and Annoyances in and near the said River; and that, if the said several Obstructions and Annoyances were removed, new Outlets for the Water made, and proper and sufficient Cuts, Rhynes, Drains, Floodgates, and other Works, were made for draining and prel'crying the said Lands and Grounds, great Benefit would arise to the Owners thereof, and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given fco bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gore Lang-

ton. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

nchester A Petition of the Debtors in the County Gaol of

Debtors Peti- Somerset, at llehefier, was presented to the House, and *w"* read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying

Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Drbateon The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-Motionre- journed Debate on the Motion, made upon Tuesday fcc concern-5* taft> That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and ing themfeives Privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom of toEiechoas, Great Britain and Ireland, for any Lord of Parliament,

' or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern

themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

And the Question being again proposed, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " of the United Kingdom of Great Britain " and Ireland."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the first Word " Parliament," the Words " to concern himself in the " Election."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " or" the Word " for." .

And the Question being put, That the Word " for" be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " to concern themselves in the Elections of Members," and inserting the Words " in that Part of the United " Kingdom called Great Britain, to avail himself of any " Authority derived from his Commission, to influence " the Election of any Member,"

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words in " that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, " to avail himself of any Authority derived from his " Commission, to influence the Election of any Member," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

B-eJ'olved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons, for any Lord of Parliament to concern himself in the Election, or for

Vol. 56.

any Lord Lieutenant of any County in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to avail himself of any Authority derived from his Commissioft, to influence the Election of any Member to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

The House was moved. That the Petition of John Ashby TncIo-Julius Angerftein, Efcjuire, Lord of the Manor and Soke w*

of Kirton in Lindsey,in the County of Lincoln, of which the Township of Ashby,in the Parish of Bottesford, in the same County, is Part and Parcel, and of William Clarke, John Clarke, and others. Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby aforesaid, which was Yesterday presented to

the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition 1 And that Mr. Angerftein and Mr. Bonckerett do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Per- Roads'peti-fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf report-of themselves and others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, made for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hemftone-lane-head, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and He read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliveredit in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two A<5b, passed in the Thirty second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at stone-lane-head; and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through and

Wardlotv, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires-, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch from Calver Bridge to Baftow Bridge-, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Newhaven House, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, was read:

And,

Mr. James Mander being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, a great Part of which still remains due.

And the Witness further said. That it would be highly advantageous to the Public, if the Road leading from Baftow to Bakewell was turned, diverted, or altered, from or near a certain Part of the said Road in the Liberty of Baftow called Witlantfs Lane, lying near Baftow aforesaid, up, by, or nearly by the North Side of a Brook called Khimas Brook, to the Place where the same Brook unites with the Handley Brook, and eroding the said Brook called Khimas Brook, and proceeding from thence through the Liberty of Birchill to Har-rifon's Lane between Edenfor and the Road from Bakewell to Hajfop, and from thence through the Liberties of Bakewell, Holme and Longston, to the Road near the Dry Hills, within the Liberty of Longston or Holme, and uniting the re with the said Road from Bakewell to Hajfop aforesaid.

And the Witness added. That the said Roads cannot

H be

Committee on

Bill to suspend Part of Flour Act of lift Scilion.

reported.

Accounts, ordered:

Arrears and

Balances.

Customs.

Excise*

26 6° Februarii. 1801.

;be nffeftually amended, widened, diverted, improved. Capacity, they are of were employed; the Sums ongi-and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed be re* naliy due from them, and when, and the Amount and >paid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be Dates of the Payments which have been made in Dif-i'urther continued, and the Powers and Provisions ‘ charge thereof.

thereof, which are in several Respects defective, al- OrdeThat there be laid before this House, an Excise. tered and amended; and the Tolls now authorized to ' Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Cur-be colLefted increased. rent Balances due, on the 5th of January 1801, from the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill t'o Officers of Excise in from the 5th of January

continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguish-of Two Acts, paded in the Thirty-second Year of the ing the late and present Officers, the Names of such Reign of his Jatc Majesty King George the Second, and Officers, and for what Collections, and in what Capacity the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, they are or were employed; the Sums originally due for repairing and widening the Road from Cheferfeld from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of to the Turnpike Road at Hernjhne-lane-head, and several the Payments which have been made in Discharge other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the thereof.

County of Derby: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an stamp*. Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, and Mr. Dudley North, do pre- Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due, on pare, and bring in, the fame. the 5th of January 1801, from the Distributors of

Stamps in Great , from the 5th of January 1774,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to fufr Names of such Distributors, and for what Counties they pend so much of an Act made in the last Session of are or were employed, the Sums originally due from Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the " Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

" and One, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks Ordered, That be laid before this House, an Account i>.

" from the Commencement of the then next Session of of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Distributors

" Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from of Stamps in Great on the io(h Day of

" Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread 1800, and on the 5th of January 1R01, respectively; —

" lolely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal distinguishing the Names of the Distributors, and for

"an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the what Counties, and the Amount of their respective DilReign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers burlements, for Incidents, Poundage, and Parliamentary " to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make Allowances or Discounts.

" more effectual Provision for the fame," as relates to Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Afllflld

other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Per- Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Cur- Taxe5* fons who may have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or rent Balances due, on the 5th of January 1801, from the Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by Receivers General of the Land and Ailelled Taxes in the said Act. Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and

Mr. Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee. present Receivers, the Names of such Receivers, and for

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. what Places they are or were Receivers, the Sums origi-

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, That naliy due, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Payments which have been made in Discharge

Amendments thereunto; 'which they had directed him thereof.

to report, when the House will please to receive the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Poll office, fame. Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due, on the

Ordered, That the Report be now received. 5th of January 1801, from the Officers of the Post

Mr. Dickinson accordingly reported from the said Office in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774,

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee so far as the same can be made up; — distioguishing the had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they are him to report to the House; and he read the Report or were employed, the Sums originally clue from them, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an d.,

a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Ques- Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Deputy tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Post Masters in Great Britain, on the 5th of July, and the House. 10th of October 1800, and on the 5th of January 1801,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be respectively; — distinguishing their Names,.and for what ingrolled. Places, and the Amount of their respective Disburlc-

ments and Allowances during the Quarters l'everally Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ending upon the 5th of July and the 10th of October Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Cur- 1800, and the 5th of January 1801.

rent Balances due on the 5th of January 1801 from the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ds. Officers of the Customs in Great Britain,from the 5th Account of thaTotal Amount of the Balancesduc tothc of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — Post Matter General of Great Britain, from the Deputy distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names Post Masters in England, Scotland, and the

of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or Indies; and also, of the Balances due from the Penny are employed, the Sums originally due from them, and Post Office, and from the Receiver General, upon the when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments 5th of January 1800, and the 5th of January 1801, re-which have been made in Discharge thereof. spectively — or at the latest Annual Period to which the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an same can be made up.

Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Cur- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Land Here-rent Balances due, on the 5th of January 1801, from Account of the Total Amount of the Arrearsand Current nue* the Officers of Excise in England, from the 5th of Ja~ Balances due, on the 5th of January 1801, from the fe-ntiary 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — dif- veral Persons employed in receiving or collecting the tinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names of Land Revenues of the Crown in England from the 5th such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; ——

' distin-

6a Februarii.

distinguishing the late and present Officers, their Names, and for what Branches or Districts they are or were employed, — the Balances due from them respectively upon the last making up of their Accounts, and the Periods to which the same were computed, — the Amount of their l'ubsequent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge of their said Arrears and Balances.

EamlReve- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

nue- Account of the Total Amount of the Arrearsand Current

Balances, due on the 5th of January 1801, from the several Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Land Revenues of the Crown in Wales and the County of Monmouth from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Officers, their Names, and for what Branches or Districts they are or were employed, — the Balances due from them, respectively, upon the last making up of their Accounts, and the Periods to which the same were computed, — the Amount of their subsequent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been fxnce made in Discharge of the said Arrears and Balances.

Comptrollers Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List

Atcouiit^ ^ie Accounts delivered into the Office of the Comp-

trollers of the Accounts of the Army since the 5th of January 1 793, whereon any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public; — specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the Progress made upon their respective Accounts, together with the Time when they were respectively delivered in and reported upon to the Treasury; specifying all'o the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due, and the Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are still unpaid} so far as the same can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Auditors of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List

count* Ac* Officers and Departments, whose Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts: — And also of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested upon Account, for Extraordinary Services; Together with an Account of the Balances <sue to the Public upon the Ordinary and Extraordinary Accounts depending in the Offices of the late Auditors of the Imprest, and transferred to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, wherein no Progress has been made since the same were so transferred; specifying the Nature of the last Proceeding had thereon, previous to such Transfer.

D*- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Accounts which were delivered over to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts by the late Auditors of the Imprest, on which any Progress has been made in their Office since the 5th of July 1785; — and also, of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts since the 5th of July 1785, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public upon any of such Accounts in either Lift; — specifying the Namesand Services of the Accountants, and the Time of their respective Accounts being delivered in; the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies paid upon each Account previous to the same being stated to the Treasury, and the Time when they were level ally stated; the Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and stated; the Monies paid between the stating and Declaration of such Accounts, the Time when they were declared, the Balances due upon such of those Accounts as have been declared, the Monies paid to the Public since the Declaration thereof, Vol. 56.

and the Amount of such Balances as art still unpaid; so far as the same can be ascertained from the Books in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Pub- lie Accounts, or from those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant oldSamra to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new WnI. Writ for the eletfling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old , in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Sir George Tonge, Baronet, who, since his Election

for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of

Buckingham.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Motion"©'a* to consider of the Motion made upon Wednesday last, supply.

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* Committee of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Suppiyap-House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Ma- p0Ulte jesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1801, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1801, be laid before this House.'

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1801, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1801» be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1801, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1801, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1800 have been di(poled of, distinguidied under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 31st Day of December 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That an humble Addtcfs be presented to

His

Estimates, & c. ordered: Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance.

Reduced

Officers.

Chelsea Oat Pensioners.

Services incurred, and not provided for.

Disposition of Grants.

Navy Debt.

Transport Service, &c.

Acid refs for Account of Money issued pursuant to Addreilcs-.

Account of Provisions purchased for His Majesty's Service, presented.

Account of Bank Notes in Cifculation, presented.

Bill to suspend Part of Flour Act of last Session, polled.

6° FebruariL

A. 1801.

His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleaied to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Victualling Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of sundry Species of Provisions purchased in Great Britain and Ireland, for His Majesty's Service, from the Commencement of the present War to the 31st December last; distinguishing the Quantities purchased in each Year, with the Average Prices paid for the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Walton, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Bank of England Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Month, from the 25th of October 1800; distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do. lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

tuled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of " November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and " from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the " manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other " Grain, and the making of any Bread l'olely from the " Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Y'earof the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and lell certain " Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision " for the fame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat, and for indemnifying Persons who may have drefl'ed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of such other Grain, finer than is prescribed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

First Report from Committee on

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration what additional Orders, and n wii what other Regulations, it may be proper to make, re- outer's relative to the Proceedings of this House, in consequence {peft»ng Irc: of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; and to re- oTtbc

port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time Union, to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions/of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons who will question any Returns of Menv-bers to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, which have been or may be made to Writs already issued, or ordered to be issued, do question the same within Twenty-eight Days after the same thall have been, or shall be, respectively returned into the Crown Office of that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to Writs not already issued, or ordered to be issued, do question the fame, by presenting a Petition to this House, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been brought into the Crown Office of that Part of the United Kingdom called England; or by lodging a Petition in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, within Fourteen Days next after the

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said same shall have been brought into the said Office.

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to suspend so much of an Act, mk}e in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence " to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of " the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing " of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and " the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of " Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-« sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of " Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the " fame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have d refled, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act, was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to suspend, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament! inti-9

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when any such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office of Clerk of the Crown, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, within the Time before limited, the said Clerk shall forthwith make a Copy thereof, to be preserved in the said Office, and immediately thereupon shall transmit such original Petition (in the Method used in conveying Returns of Writs) to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him laid before the House: And that, in case no such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office within the Time before limited, the said Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit a Certificate in the like Manner to the Speaker of the House of Commons, signed by hini-lelf or his Deputy, specifying the Time when such Return was made, and that no such Petition had been lodged in his Office, previous to the Date of such Certificate.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Linn,

fcfcldington and Harrow RoadPetition, icjterttd

i Highgate and Hampltcad Roads Petition*

41 Geo. Ill , 90 Februdrit. 29

f r 1w 4

r & 7. i? 1 a 1 . Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Luna!) 9 rebruarttJ Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and repbrt the fame, as it shall Anno 41* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1801; appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainzvaring, Mr. See. Prayers. t And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

MR. Main-waring reported from the Committee, to the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the several Pa- Mr- Bur don presented to the Hotife, according to Borou^b-rilhes of Paddington, Kensington, C/ie/fea,the Hamlet of Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, pal- j3m

Hammersmith, in the Parish of Fulham, the Parish of IViIffed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His pre- Roads Bill, den, and the Parish of Harrow, all in the County of Mid- lent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Panted.

dlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, in the County of York, to the City of; and for

and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela- more effectually repairing the said Road: And the same tive to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and was received; and read the First Time, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Surrey and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Occupiers the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as of Lands, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was followeth; viz. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Tho- the making and maintaining of a Navigable Canal, dtas Francis Jennings, Esquire, being examined, said, w‘th Balons, Reservoirs, Collateral Cuts, Branches,

That the Road from Paddington to Harrow, in the County and other Works, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges,

Of Middlesex,passing through, or near to, the several and other Vessels, from and out of the River Thames,

Parishes and Places above-delcribed, is very much out at or near a certain Place called Wilkiufon's Gun of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; in the Parish of Saint Mary at in the County

and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbour- of Surrey, to or near a certain Place called Woodpecker's hood, and of Public Utility, if the same were properly Lane, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept County of Kent, and from thence to, near, or through, in Repair. the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Placed,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Saint Giles Camberzvell, IValworth, Saint Mary amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, beth, Kensington Common, Stockwell, Cap ham,

the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill, alias Streatham, Upper Tooting, Lower

in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Muinwaring alias Tooting Graveney, Mitcham, Merton, -

and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the Malden, Long Ditton, and Ewell, to the Town

dune. and Parish of Epsom, all in the County of Surrey, and

also to make and maintain divers Collateral Cuts and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Branches, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an from and through the following Places, that is to say.

Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His from the said Canal near Geeenland Dock into present Majesty, for repairing the Highgate and Hamp- land Dock, in the Parish of Mary at Botherhit he, 1

Jlead Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the »n the said County of Surrey, and also from the said County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and Canal near to His Majesty's Victualling Office into read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Six- His Majesty's Dock Yards and Victualling Office, in teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the said County of and from Woodpecker's Lane

continue and render more effectual, several Acts for re- to Butt Lane, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in pairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse,the said County of Surrey, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, and hampflead, and other Roads in the said Acts men-' in the County of Kent, and to in the Parish of

'tioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue. Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respec- from and through the said Parish of Saint Giles live Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to High- berwellto Horsemonger Lane, in the Parish of Saint gate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Mary Newington, in the said County of Surrey, and Pound to Kilbounte, to make a new Road from the great from Kensington Common, in the said County of Surrey,

Northern Road at IJlingtonto the Edgware Road, near to enter and communicate with the River Thames at

Paddington, l'o far as the same is by the said Act directed or near a Place called Cumberland Gar dens,at to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County ftrft-mentioned Act, and for making a Road from the of Surrey, and from and through the Parish of Mitcham laid new Road near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge Wash, and to the Town and Parish of Croydon, in the said County for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads; of Surrey, likewise another Cut or Branch from and and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the out of the said Canal to communicate with the River laid recited Act, have proceeded to put the same in Thames at a Place called Kingston Creek, in the Parish

Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County of Surrey,

have been borrowed, and are Hill due and owing, on the will not only tend to facilitate and render less ex-Credit of the said recited Act; and that the said Mo- peniive the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Mcr-nies have been duly applied for the Purposes of the said chandize, between the City of London and Parts ad-Act; but the said Roads cannot be effectually maintain- jacent, and likewise to the numerous populous Towns ed, improved, kept in Repair, watched, lighted, and and Places through or near which the said Canal will watered, nor the said Debts be dil'charged, unless the pal's, but will all'o be the Means of promoting the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Cultivation of many Thousand Acres of Waft! and Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended: Common Lands, and will also cause the great Im-

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to provement of the said County of Surrey by the easy bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and cheap Conveyance of Manures, and likewise be of and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Man- great Public Advantage: And therefore praying. That i)cr as to the'House Lhall seem meet. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes

Vox., 56. I aforesaid.

Crtffingham

Inclosure

Petition.

Launceston KoaUs Petition.

90 Februarii.

A. i8ot*

aforesaid, in such \fanner, iid under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Mr. ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persans, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William John , Esquire, Lord of the several Manors of Glajsbridg, Strea Hall, and Ri/leys, in the Parish of Great in the County of Norfolk, and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Creffingham, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the Parish of Great Creffingham, in the County of Norfolk, sundry

Tracts or Parcels of Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Whinn Lotts, or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are computed to contain 2,2.00 Acres, or thereabouts, and all'o certain Open and Inclosed Field and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, in Upper Southway Field, Upper

RookJby, Lower R.ookJby Fields, and Kings Wins Field, which are computed to contain 60 Acres, or thereabouts, lying intermixed in the said Parish of Great

Creffingham, and in the Parish of Little in

the said County; and that the said Lands and Grounds are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part thereof are uninclosed, in ImaJl Pieces, intermixed, and very inconveniently fituftted for the respective Owners thereof; and it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons interfiled if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights,

and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert

Buxton and Mr. Bur don do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Tru(lees for repairing several Roads loading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of

cefton, in the County of Cornwall, which Act was continued by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Trustees authorized to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money on Security of the 'foils thereby granted, which (till remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that several of the Toils, Powers, and Provisions, thereby granted, shoukl be varied and enlarged; and it would be a Convenience to the Public if the Provisions of the said recited Act were extended to the Road leading from the West Gate, under Madford, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by way of to the North Gate in the said Borough, extending about Three Furlongs and Three Rods in Length, and the same Road were placed under the Care and Ma-. *

nagement of the said Trustees: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration. of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brogden, Mr. , &c. And-they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account ot

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the De!>f/pre-Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.4,767,991. 45. in one Year, from February 3d 1800 to January 31st iSor, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of £.1,220,985. 8 4J to be applied in the Quarter between the ill of February and the 1 ft of May 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 1.)

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answersto their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would AdJre*‘-be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Elli-mates, Lift, and Accounts, therein respectively mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Harrison presented to the House, according to Alburgh, &c.

Inclosure Bill, presented.

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Aand Hamlet of Wortwell, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the Tuft Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The L°rds

Walker: haveageevd

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to fuf-Act to suspend, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight Hundred and/ One, so much of seiUoa-, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November " One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from " thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament,

" the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat " or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely " from the Fine Flour of Wheat ;and to repeal an Act,

" passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and " fell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more " effectual Provision for the lame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat, and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of l'uch other Grain, finer than is prescribed by the said Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Accounts

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies ordered; of the further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners ceed!ng»^f of the Admiralty, respecting the Matters stated in the the Admiral.

further Proceedings of the Treasury

on Finance Reports.

Ix pence of Army.

D°.

N°of Troops.

D°.

Report frt)m Committee on Orders respecting Ireland, further considered.

Reports of the Committee of Finance; so far as they relate to His Majesty's Dock Yards.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the Papers presented on the 15th and 29th Days of July 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence attending the Army maintained by this Country, including Militia, and all other Corps, for the Years 1793, 1794. 1795. and 1796; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of the Army, including Militia, and all other Corps, for the Years 1779, 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Troops maintained by this Country in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing each Year, and the Number of Horse and Foot.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Troops maintained by this Country, including Militia, and all other Corps, for the Years 1779, 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration what additional Orders, and what other Regulations, it may be proper to make relative to the Proceedings of this House in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland', and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First ilelclution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " Crown Office," and inferring the Words " Office of the Clerk of the Crown " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Crown Office " stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being,put, That the Words " Office of the Clerk of the Crown" be inl'erted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, which have been or may be made to Writs already issued, or ordered to be issued, do quest tion the same within Twenty-eight Days after the same shall have been, or shall be respectively returned into the Ollice of the Clerk of the Crown in that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " Crown Office, " and inlerting t he Words " Office of the Clerk of the Crown " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Crown Office " stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words Vol. 56.

" Office of the Clerk of the Crown , K be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to Writs not already issued, or ordered to be issued, do question the same by presenting a Petition to this House within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or by lodging a Petition in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been brought into the said Office.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Words " Office of" the Word " the."

And the Question being put. That the Word " the" be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That when any such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Irelanwithin the Time before limited, the said Clerk shall forthwith make a Copy thereof, to be preserved in the said Office, and immediately thereupon shall transmit such original Petition (in the Method used in conveying Returns of Writs) to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him laid before the House: And that, in case no such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office within the Time before limited, the said Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit a Certificate in the like Manner to the Speaker of the House of Commons, signed by himself or his Deputy, specifying the Time when such Return was made, and that no such Petition had been lodged in his Office previous to the Date of such Certificate.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Three Weeks, the 2d Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Defife of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-inentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal w'as read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to One Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to

the

House to be called over.

Royal Assent to a Rill.

Ellriates, &c. presented;

Guards and Camions.

Forces in the

Plantations,

&c.

General and Start OiHcers, &c.

Particulars of D*.

Chelsea, &c. Out Penliort-ers*

T roops in East India.

Recruiting lor DJ.

Recruiting Land Forces, kQ.

Embodied' Militia, &c.

Contingencies far

90 Febriiariu . i8of.*

the said Bill; and that the Lord Afchbilhop of Can- terbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Lord Walsingham,sa.xMAalio in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth;

An Act to suspend, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of " vember One thousand Eight hundred and One, and " from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, " the manutaduring of any Fine Flour from Wheat or " other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from " the Fine Flour of Wheat, and to repeal an Act, " passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and " fell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more eftectual Provision for the fame," as relates to other Grain than Wheat $ and for indemnifying Persons who may have drelfed, fold, or uled, any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Addreis to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty Land Forces in the United Kingdom df Great Britain and Ireland, for the following Periods, viz.those in Great Britain, Jersey, and Alderney,

from 25th December j8oo to 24th 1801, both

inclusive, being 365 Days; and those in Ireland, from ill January 1801 to 24th December following, both in-clulive, being 358 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope-, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Walet,from 23th December 1800 to 24th December 1S01, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of " the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the " Hospitals serving with the Forces in the United " Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year " 1801And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near mainham, for the Year 1801.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 363 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 363 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Charge of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as weil in Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1801: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the embodied Militia and Corps ol lor.cibie Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year i8or: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the embodied Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Year 1801: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Britain

and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Pay mailer General for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioneJ Officers and Private Men ot His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces while on a March, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near;

and of the Expences of the said Hospitals, for the Year

1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year i8ot: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called; and

of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in lin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from ill January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimatcs and Paper.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates and Paper are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, for Nine Months, from ill April to 31st December iSot, and of the said Charge in Ireland, for One Year, to 4th January 1802.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this

Volume.

Ordered,

Cloathing for-embodied Militia, <Scc.

Full Pay to

Supernumerary OiHcers.

Allowances tef certain OtH-cers.

Subsistence paid to Innkeepers,

Half Pay.

D\

Chelsea, &c. In Peniionerc#

Widows

Pensions.

Volunteer Corps.

Barrack Department.

Hospital Contingencies.

Appendix

(No. 2.)

Ordnance b itimate, predated.

Appendix

(No

Army Estimates, to be printed.

Dr. Prosser to preach on the Fait Day.

Supply, de* fared.

Mr. Speaker rehgns.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of thcfeveral Estimatcs and Paper, which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary at War, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Proffer be desired to preach before this House, at the Church of John the Evav.gelijl, IVfnnivfter, upon Friday next, being the

Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fall: And that Mr. Ryder and the Lord Hawkesbury do acquaint him therewith.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Februarii;

Anno 41® Georgii III,i Regis, 1801.

THE House being met, the Clerk at the Table acquainted the House, That he had, this Morning, received a Letter from Mr. Speaker: Which he read to the House j and is as followeth j

Palace Tard,

February the 10th, 1801.

Sir,

His Majesty having been pleased to express His Intention of appointing me, at this Conjuncture, to a Situation which would be incompatible with the Continuance of my Service to the House of Commons, I am obliged to request that you will tender to the House my Resignation of an Office in itself the most honourable, and repeatedly conferred upon me in a Manner the moll gratifying. In quitting such a Situation, endeared to me by Considerations the nearest to my Heart, I am unable adequately to express the Sentiments of Respect, Gratitude, and Regret, with which I am im-prefl'ed; I am sustained by the Consciousness that, on this Occasion, I am actuated by the same Principles of Public Duty, by which it has been my earned Wilh and constant Endeavour to regulate my Conduct, and from which I trull that I shall never deviate.

I am.

With true Regard and Friendship,

Sir,

Your moll obedient Servant, John Ley, Esquire. Henry Addington.

After which, and before any Member spoke, the Mace was brought into the House by the Serjeant, and laid under the Table.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That His Majesty, under the Circumstances referred to in Mr. Speaker's Letter, gives Leave to this House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker; and, that it is His Majesty's Pleasure that this House should present their Speaker on next, at Two

of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation.

And then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, ad-

10 — 12° Februarii. $ 3

dressing himself to the Clerk, (who, Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) moved, That the House do now adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Clerk, by Direction of the Houffi, put the Question for adjourning the House till To-mcrrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

Mercurii, 11° die Februarii J

Anno 41® Georgii III'11 Regis, i8or.

brought

the Mace, and

MR. Serjeant came, and laid it under the Table Then the Lord Hawkesbury,addressing himself to the

Clerk (who. Handing up, pointed to him, and then lat down) took Notice of the Proceedings of the House of Yesterday relative to Mr. Speaker's Resignation, and to the Leave given by His Majesty for the House to pro coed to the Choice of a new Speaker, and thereupon proposed to the House for their Speaker Sir John ford, Knight; in which Motion he was leconded by Ijih.c HawkinsBrowne, Esquire.

And thereupon the said Sir John Mitford addressed himself to the House.

And after some Debate, the Questlon was put by the Clerk, That Sir John Mitford do take the Chair of this House as Speaker, and agreed to.

Whereupon the said Sir John Mitford was conducted to the Chair by the said and Mr.

Hawkins Browne ‘, where, (landing upon the upper Step of the Chair, he again addressed himself to the House. And then he fat down in the Chair; and the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid, by the Serjeant, upon the Table.

And the Lord Arden congratulated Mr. Speaker elect.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer taking Notice, That His Majesty's Pleasure had been figtlified to the House, Yesterday, that the House should present their Speaker Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House of Peers, for His lloyal Approbation, moved to adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Then Mr. Speaker elect put the Question for adjourning the House until Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock; which being agreed to, the House was adjourned accordingly; and Mr. Speaker elect went away; without the Mace before him.

Sir John V;:-ferJ chou:i Speaker.

Jovis, 12° die Februarii 5

Anno 41® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE was delivered by Mr.

Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Mr. Speaker Commission *, desire the immediate Attendance of this byPtheKini Honourable Home in the House of Peers, to hear the *

Commission read.

Vb l. 56.

A Cop yof the said Coraxniffioa is inserted at the End of this Day's Proceedings.

K

Accordingly

fcinterbury Market Petition, reported,

34 12° Februarii. I'Soi.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker eleA, With the House, pence incurred, and to he from Time to Time in-went up to the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker curred, in and about the Premises, elect was presented to the said Lords Commissioners Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for for His Majesty's Royal Approbation: And, enlarging,improving, and regulating the Cattle Market

Then the Lord High Chancellor, One of the said within the City and County of the City of Canterbury: Lords Commissioners, signified His Majesty's Approba- And that Sir John and Mr. on do pre-

tion of Mr. Speaker elect. pare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being returned;

'Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts, or* of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Account of the Net Produce of the Customs, Excile, pe.r^uctf of Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Stamps, Incidents, and Duties, Aunts 1793, 1 794» Ciukm*,or.x-

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was 1795* l19&> 1797* 179^» 1799* an'^ JSoo, in the Years cuc,&c.

read, authorizing and empowering His Royal Highness ended 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1801; distin-the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of guishing each Quarter.

York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dutrcson Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness Account of the Amount of the Payments into the the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Can-Exchequer in the Years ending January 5th i8co and lerbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other January 5th 1801, on the Duties on Beer, and on the Lords, to declare and notify His Majesty's Royal Ap- Duty on Malt, which was permanent till made annual probation of the Choice made by this House of him to by the Act of 38 Geo. III. Chap. 60.

be their Speaker; and that the Lord High Chancellor, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D4 on Spirit* the Duke of Portland, and the Lord Auckland, named Account of the Amount of Duties on and Fo-

also in the said Commission, did declare and notify the reign Spirits imposed before 1792, paid into the Exfame accordingly. chequer in the Years ending January 3th 1800 and

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his respectful Ac- January5th 1801; distinguishing each Vear. knowledgments to the House.

Sir John Honywood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ‘Thomas Hammond, Esquire, down Clerk of the said City, being examined, said, That a Market for the Sale of Live Cattle has, for divers Years lafi: past, been held there, in a certain Piece of Ground situate without the Gate, commonly called Saint George's Gate, belonging to the Corporation, who have at their own Expence maintained the Kails and Pens of the said Cattle Market; that for the Sale of Cattle in the said Market, certain Tolls were formerly paid to the Corporation, but the Payment of such Tolls has been discontinued for a long Time past* And being further examined, he said. That the Market Place is much too imallfor the Number of Cattle usually. brought for Sale; and that, for Want of sufficient and expeditious Means of Punishment, divers ill di/poied Persons frequently destroy the Rails and Pens, to the great Injury of the Market Place, and to the great Costs of the Corporation; that Cattle are frequently expoled to Sale, and negligently and improvidently driven, in the public Streets of the said City, whereby not only, the Persons frequenting the Market, and buying and selling Cattle there, but also the Inhabitants, and all other Persons reforling thereto, are frequently exposed to great Trouble and Danger. And the Witness further laid, That the Corporation have been applied to by many of the Inhabitants of the City, and other Persons frequenting the said Market Place, to enlarge the fame, by adding thereto a Piece of Ground lying contiguous, belonging to the Corporation, in the Occupation of Hannah Mantle, and to erect new and proper Fences and Pens for Cattle, and otherwise to improve the said Market Piace; and have, for that Purpose, offered to pay certain real'onable Tolls to the Corporation f. r the Lioerty of exposing Cattle to Sale in such enlarged and improved Market Place, in Confuleration of the Expence to be incurred in the making and maintaining ot Inch Additions and Improvements. And the Witness added, That the Corporation were willing to comply with such Request, upon receiving a reasonable Recompence for the Ex»

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Framwel^atc, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels j^j 1"'J"lure* of Ground, called The Intack, or Cozv and mitted.

Wood, within the several Town ships of and

Witton-Gilbert, and in the several Manors of and

Lauchester, in the Comity Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Inter-common Lands within the several Townships of Framzvetgate and Witton-Gilbcrtaforciuid, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don,

Mr. Grey, Src.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Exchequer, attended at the Doqr; he was called iu; cmloros, Kx-and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to ci<e,*. c. pr®-their Order, fcntc

An Account of the Net Produce of the Customs,

Excise, Stamps, Incidents, and Duties, pro 1793,

1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Years ended 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1 So 1; distinguishing each Quarter.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lib of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that ?vlr. Planner, from the Commissioners of Excile, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Payments into the Exchequer in the Years ending January 3th 1000 and January 5th 1801, on the Duties on Bc.r, and on the Duty on Malt, which was permanent till made annual by the Act of 38th 111. Chap. 60: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Duties on and Foreign Spirits imposed before 1792, paid into the Exchequer in the Years ending January 3th 1S00 and January 3th 1801; distinguishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,

Account

presented.

Puties ot Jker and Malt,

on


4i Geo. Ill*

i of Februarii.

Address fof Copy of Irish Statutes.

Cathertogh

Borough,

Writ,

BurfordRoad

Petition.

Supply, de-fcir&L

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House*

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct, that there be laid before this House a printed Copy of the Statutes of Ireland.

Ordered \That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ir, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefen t Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Catherlogh, in the room of the Honourable Henry Sadder Prittie, now Baron Donally.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pafl'ed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and

Poll in Upton Field, in the Parish of in the

<c County of Oxford, through the several Parishes within " mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the " County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees thereby appointed have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls increased, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, during such Time, and in such Manner, as the House fir ail think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ft)all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Robert

Preston, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ResolvedftYliOLtthis I Ioufc will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. William Eliot, from the Commissioners fof executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty. _ _ .

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy fof Ten Lunar Months of the Year 1801: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1801: And also.

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads thereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1800: And also,

An Estimate of the Sums that will be wanted for the Service of Transports and Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad, between the 26th March and 31st December 1801, being Ten Lunar Months.

Mr. William Eliot allb presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of what Money may be wanted for the Subsistence, &c. of Sick Prisoners of War, for Ten Lunar Months, in the Year 1801, commencing the 26th March 1801.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read. Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abllraft thereof, and the other Estimates, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Eft i mates, pr fented.

Ordinary of Navy

Extra Navy,

Navy Ifebi.

Transports,

&c.

Sick Prisoneri of War.

Appendix

(No. 4.)

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portarlington the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new 'Vm*

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portarlington, in The Queen's County, in the room of Frederick French, Esquire, now Baron Ashtown.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Neutral Ships detained and brought ship»,oJl into Great Britain and Ireland by His Majesty's Ships of d«ed.

War, and private Ships bearing Letters of Marque, since the Commencement of the present War; distin-guiftiing the Nature of their Cargoes, and their Condemnation or Release, with Costs, or otherwise, by the:

Court of Admiralty, or Release by Order of Government, with the Date of such Condemnation or Release.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Appeals against Decrees, condemning Ships or Property claimed by Neutrals, pronounced in the Court of Admiralty or Courts of Vice Admiralty, and the final Decrees pronounced in consequence of such Appeals, with the Dates thereof, since the ComJ mencement of the present War.

Houserefolves to adjourn to Monday.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Questionpre- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-forcaiUng posed, That Mr. Arts, the Governor of the Cold Bath Mr. Aris be- Fields Prison, be called before this House;

fartthcHouie. And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TdlersforthcYcas,‘*r^f ] .

' £Mr. Hob house: 3

T „ r . XT (Mr. William Dundas, Tellers for the Noes, ^mnjam: 4°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 56.

Mr. William Eliot, from the Commissioners for exe- State of cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of rented. Parliament,

State and Condition of Commenda Fort, taken from February to the ill June 1800: And also.

State and Condition of Dixcove Fori, taken the 30th May 1800: And also,

State and Condition of Cape Coajl Castle ill June 1800: And also.

State and Condition of Tantnmquerry Fort ift June 1800: And also,

State and Condition of Appolonia Fort 12th June 1806: And also.

State and Condition of Annamab Fort 20th June 1800: And also.

State

State and Condition of James , and Vernons

Fort, Pr<m Pr/jw, 24th 1S00: And also,

State and Condition of Fort the 1 ft of July

t9oo.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

t(ii«nt<rs, Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's presented: Command,

Foreign Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the

orp*' Service of Great Britain, for the Year i8otAnd also, tioifof Dra Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of the goout, itc?* Regfrfients of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons and Infantry of the Line, and of the Charge of Twelve New Companies of Invalids, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great from 25th March 1801

to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimatfs do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimates be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mniin The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 5.) this Volume.

Report from Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee appointed to Prwfions! °° consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them refer-red, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House j and lie read the

A. 1801.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth K Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and " One, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks " from the Commencement of the then next Session of " Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour " from Wheat dr other Grain, and the making of any " Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat and to " repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers " to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make " more effectual Provision for the lame," as prohibits the making of Flour and Bread finer than is therein directed, should be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. William Eliot,from the Commissioners for execut- Further Free ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , the^vnniralty

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, on Finance

Copy of a Report of the Lords Commissioners of the ^^tt,prek Admiralty to the Lords of the Committee of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, upon the Dock Yards.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst: the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mofn-ing next, Ten of the Clock.

i 2* Tebruarii.

Copy of His Majesty's Commission approving of the Choice of Speaker.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Third,by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith. To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas, We have lately, for divers difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Church, ordained this Our present Parliament to begin and to be held at Our City 0 { Westminster,on the Twenty-second Day of

January, in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign, on which Day Our said Parliament was begun and held, and is there now holden. And whereas We have been in-iorrr.ed, that the Lower House of Our said Parliament have lately made Choice of Our Trusty and well-beloved Sir John Mit/ord, Knight, to be Speaker of the said Lower House of Our said Parliament, of which Choice We are graciously pleased to approve, and to allow and confirm the fame, and forasmuch as for divers Causes and Considerations We cannot at this Time conveniently be present in Our Royal Person in Our said Parliament; Know ye, That We, trusting in the Fidelity and Care of Our most dear and entirely beloved Son and most faithful Councillor George Prince of Wales, Our most dear Sons and faithful Councillors Frederick Duke of York, William Duke of Clarence, Edward Duke of Kens, Emeji Duke of Cumberland, the most Reverend Father in God and Our faithful Councillor John Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Alexander Lord Loughborough, Our Chancellor of that Part of Our

United Kingdom called Grea Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors John Earl of Chatham, President of Our Council; John Earl of Keeper

of Our Privy Seal; William Hehry Duke of Portland, One of Our principal Secretaries of State; James Marquis of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household; George Earl of Leicester, Steward of Our Household; Philip Earl of Chesterfield, John Earl of Sandwich, George

John Earl Spencer, John Jeffries Earl Camden, the Right Reverend Father in God and Our faithful Councillor BeilbyLord Bishop of London-, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillors William Wyndham Lord Grenvdlle, One other of Our principal Secretaries of State; George Granville Lord Gower Sutherland, William Shazv Lord Cat he art, Robert Lord Hobart, Thomas Lord,

William Lord Auckland, Welbore Lord George

Lord Macartney, and John Lord Eldon, Chief Justice of Our Court of Common Pleas, by the Tenor of these Presents, do give and grant to them, or any Three or more of them, full Power in Our Name to declare and notify Our Royal Approbation of the Choice of the said Sir' John Mitfordto be Speaker of the said Lower House of

Our said Parliament, and to allow and confirm the said Sir John Mit/ord to be Speaker of the said Lower House, and to do all and every Thing and Things in Our said Parliament that may be necessary for declaring Our said Royal Approbation, Allowance*, and Confirmation of the said Sir John Mitford to be Speaker of the said Lower House of Our said Parliament. In witness whereof We ‘ have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the Twelfth Day of,

in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself,

Signed with His own Hand,

Yorks.

A

c

c

If

n

tk

u

V!

ft.

<*ii

is*

4i Geo. III,

16° Februafii.

Dr. ProlTer thanked.

Northampton

Borough

Writ.

Armagh Borough Writ.

Leavr of Abl'tmce.

Littleburyln* closure Petition.

Aber^een-

thire Canal Petition.

Lunce, i 6°die J Atino 410 Georgii III*1 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

jD E SOL FED, Nemine Contradicenie, That the Thanks

of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Proffer, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday last, before this House, at the Church of Saint John the gelijl, Westminster and that he be desired to print the

lame: And that the Lord Arden and Mr. Baker do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess (o serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Honourable Spencer Perceval, who hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

Ordered\That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Armagh, in the County of Armagh, in the room of Patrick Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Compensations in Ireland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Boyle have Leave of Absence for Six Weeks, on urgent private Business.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names art thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, intended in the Open and Common Fields within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said several Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bramston and the Lord Hawkeffury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making aNavigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, into the River at, or near to, the

South End of the Bridge over the fame, adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury, in the Parish of in the County of Aberdeen, the Petitioners were united into a Company, and were authorized to make and complete the said Canal, and to raise and contribute, among themselves, a Sum not exceeding £.20,000, and, in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the Petitioners were empowered to raise, by Mortgage of the Tolls, or by Admission of new Subscribers, the further Sum of £. 10,000; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in making and completing the said Canal, and have expended the Sum of £. 17,800, being the Whole of the Money subscribed," and paid, towards the said Sum of £.20,000, and are very desirous of proceeding in their Undertaking, but arc, at present,

Vol. 56.

M

unable to raise any further Sum of Money by any of the Modes mentioned in the said Act 1 And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to raise a further Sum for completing the said Canal, in such Manner* and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Allardyce, Mr. William Dundas, &c;: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Newtown Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Wr*t' electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of SiW. Hampton, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet,- who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborottgh, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into com'Jdttee on further Consideration the Report which was made from ProviuonVre-the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high fcn*d to a Price of Provisions, and to report. the fame, with their fhTwhole' ° Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; House. be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thar this House will; immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said «»fidere<l. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of " November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and " from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the " manufacturing of any Fine Flour from W heat or other " Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the " Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed " in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same and to indemnify Millers and Other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of " November One thousand Eight hundred and Or.< >nd " from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the C j.iimencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the " manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other " Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the " FineFlourofWheat;andtorepealanAft, passed in the " Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of

L " Bread.

iCing's MeT* fige for granting an Annuity to Sir Sidney Smith*

Call deferred.

Vote of Thanks to Mr. Addington, the late Speaker.

Committee of Supply. Estimafes, referred: Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

I 6° FebrudriL

A. 1801.

" Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the " fameand to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ryder, Mr. and Mr. Charles

Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House j and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being defiroils of conferring a signal Mark of His Favour and Approbation on Captain Sir Sidney Smith, inconsequence of the eminent Services which he has rendered, and the Valour and Ability which he has displayed, during the whole Period of the important Operations, with the Conduct of which he has been entrusted, on the Coast of Egypt, and particularly in the gallant and heroic Defence of the Fortress of recommends it to the House of Commons, to enable His Majesty to make Provision for securing to the said Sir Sidney Smith a Pension of One Thoui'and Pounds per Annum for the Term of his Natural Life,

G.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the Second Day of March next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the Third Day of March next.

Ordered, T\ia.t such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, Ptemine Contradicenie, That the Thanks of this House be expressed, in the strongest Terms, to the Right Honourable Plenty Addington, for the exemplary and distinguished Manner in which he discharged the Duties of Speaker during the Whole of the Period in which he filled the Chair of the House of Commons: That he be affined, that the Proofs which he has uniformly given of Attachment to the Constitution, the Steadinel's with which he has maintained the Dignity and Privileges of this House, the Ability, Integrity, and unremitting Attention to Parliamentary Business, which have marked the Wholeofhis Conduct, justly entitle him to our Approbation, Respect, and Gratitude.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the following Periods, viz. those in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December i8or, both inclusive, being 365 Days, and those in Ireland, from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days,' be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, 8cc. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope-, and a Regi* ... - 6

General ani Sturt' Orticers.

LK

Chelsea, See. Out Penlian*

Troops ill Ea

Recruiting: Lund Fore

ment of Foot in Nezv South J Pales, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1S01, both inclusive, being 3O3 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of Particulars of " the Charge of the General and Staff'Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces, in the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the " Year 1801," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the ltoval Hospital near Kilmainham, for the Year 1801, be referred to the

laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from 23th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Recruitingfirf Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, rK stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 23th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruit* ing and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces* and of the Charge of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the em- Embodied bodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the Iklih£ta> &c‘ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, lor the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the embodied Militia and Corps ol Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloath-ingfor the embodied Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces from 23th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Paymaster General for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the in- Subiiftenoe creased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Small Beer, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces while on a March, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; for the Year 1 Sot, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half- Half- Pay Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half- d».

Pay to the reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade,

in

Contingent cies for I>*

Cloathi ng fof

Full P:iy to$u-

pernu:nerary

Oliicers.

Allowances to certain Oiii-cers.

fcalfPay.

Ch cl sea, Src. la Feulioiiers.

Widows Pen-tons.

Volunteer

Corps.

barrack Departments.

Hospital Contingencies. f

Ordnance.

Ordinary of Kavy.

Extra Navy.

Transrorts,

See.

Sick Prisoners of Wan

Foreign /

Corps. i

Augmentation of Dragoons, See.

in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1801* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half-Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hof'pi* tal near Kilmainham; and of the Expences of the said

Hospitals, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pen* lions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from ill January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, for Nine Months, from ill April to 31st December 1801, and of the said Charge in Ireland, for One Year, to 4th January 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy for Ten Lunar Months of the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, lie-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums that will be wanted for the Service of Transports and Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, between the 26th March and 31st December 1801, being Ten Lunar Months, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what Money maybe wanted for the Subsistence, &c. of Sick Prisoners of War, for Ten Lunar Months, in the Year 1801, commencing the 26th March 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign porps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1801, oe referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of the Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons and Infantry of the Line, and of the Charge of Twelve New Companies of Invalids, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from 25th March 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the /ante.

Vol, 56.

Ordered, That the Report bfc received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re* Report of the port of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to Admiralty the Lords of the Committee of His Majesty's Molt ho- Owk" nourable Privy Council, upon the Dock Yards, beprinted, to be primed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Bill to repeal Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Aa to pre-Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the oi Fbie Fkim " Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hun- pieiented. ' " dred and One, and from thence to the End of Six " Weeks from the Commencement of the then next " Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine " Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of " any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and " to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting " Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and " to make more effectual Provision for the fameand to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have drelfed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer De- feription than allowed by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to the chesterfeM House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and Perhy and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, paired in p^emed!1' the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterjieldto the Turnpike Road at

Hernstone-lane-head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of James Earl of Malmesbury, and the Bishop's Wal-humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole \yemeon Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Ef- Ro^d Petition, tates and Inhabitants respectively within the County of Southampton, near the lloads herein after det'cribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bridge hath lately been erected across the River It chin at Northam,in the County of Southampton, among other Purposes, for that of opening a nearer Communicat ion between the Town of Southampton and the several Towns of Bishop's Waltham, Petersfeld, and various

other Parts of the Counties of Southampton and Sujj'ey, and that in order to complete such Communication, and also to open a nearer and more convenient Road betweea the Town of Southampton and the City of London, it is expedient that a Carriage Road should be made and kept in Repair from the Bothy Turnpike Road on Cur-dridge Common, in the Parish of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton, through the several Parishes of Bishop's Waltham, Corhampton, Exton, Warnford, Hinton,

Ampner, and Westmeon,all in the said County of South-

ampton, to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Hill, in the Parish of Westmeon aforesaid, with a Branch from the said intended Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton;and that the making, amending, and keeping in Repair, such lloads, will be a great Convenience

Wilt* and Berks Canal Petition.

i 6b Februarii. A. 1801 *

venience to the Inhabitants in and near the severalTowns of Southampton, Biftop's WalthamPetersfield, and aforesaid, and will be of general Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Henry , Mr. Amyatt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, certain Persons were incorporated by the Name and Title of " The " Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation," and were authorized to make, complete, and maintain the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works; and that the Petitioners were, by the said Act, authorized to raise and contribute, among themselves, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Sum of £.111,900, which was to be divided into One Thousand One Hundred and Nineteen Shares, of £. 100 each; and, if the same should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, they were thereby enabled, after the said Sum of £. 111,900 had been raised as aforesaid, to raise and contribute among themselves, or by Mortgage of the Undertaking, in the Manner therein respectively mentioned, a further Sum of £. 150,000, to be applied in carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution, but they have only been able to raise the Sum of £.61,512. or. 10 or thereabouts, as only the Sum of £.74,100, Part of the said Sum of £.111,900, amounting to Seven Hundred and Forty-one Shares, of £.100 each, was originally subscribed, and the Petitioners are indebted to their Treasurer in the Sum of £.3,796. 15 s.7 advanced by him, for which they have engaged to pay him Interest, which, together with the said Sum of £.61,512. or. 10 so raised as aforesaid, has been duly applied, but is found to be very insufficient for the Purposes of carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, and the Petitioners have also incurred sundry other Debts, which are yet due and owing by them; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in making certain Parts of the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, but will not be able to complete the said Undertaking unless they are enabled and authorized to raise more Money for that Purpose, and for discharging their said Debts; and that the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof, in several Respedls, defective, and it is expedient that the same should be altered and amended; and that it is also expedient to ascertain and fix the Termination of the said Canal at the West End thereof, and also the Terminations of the Two Cuts or Branches to be made from the said Canal to the Towns of Chippenham and Caine, in the said Acts particularly mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee! And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Mr. Charles

Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying in that Part of the Parish of Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanfide, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanfide, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and the said Downs are now Common, and the Lands and Grounds, and also the said Downs and the said Wastes, in their present State, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be for the Benefit of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, if the same were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to and amongllthem, in Severalty, in proportion to their respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows* Common Pallures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Vanfutart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and in the Nineteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickeds Barn, in the Parish of Corjkam, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eajion Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brisker s Barn, in the Parish of Corfiam, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eafon Bridge, in the County of Someife; and another Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said Act; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which is Hill due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged, and it is necessary that the Tolls authorized to be col-ledted on the said Roads should be increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effedling the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Westmur.lMe Ineloiure Pc* tition.

Corfham K Kids Petition.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Mr. Charles

Dundas, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tadcaster and Mr. Wilber force reported from the Committee, to Pctuion°re- whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to puf in ported. ' Execution Two several Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Tadcafer, through

Arthing ton, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, were read - — And,

James Collins, Esquire, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the said Acts, a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Road, which hath been laid out for and towards repairing and amending the same, but several Parts thereof are now, from the frequent passing of Lime and Coal Carriages thereon, very unsafe for Passengers, and great Part of the Money so borrowed is still due and owing: That the Tolls and Duties, by the said Acts directed to be collected and taken, are insufficient to pay off the Money so remaining due, and the Interest thereof, and effectually to repair the said Road, within the now subsisting Term, which is nearly expired: That the said Road may be amended and kept in Repair, if an additional Term be added to the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act; and it is expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, which are found defective, should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of

cafer, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Hetiry Lafcclles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tickenham A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain committed^* Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Panlh of Tic in the County of set, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Golding, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mofning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 56.

Martis, 170 die Feb;

Anno 41* Georgii III'" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Williams reported from the Commit- New windsor tee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, rc^rted!mon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of New Windsor, and Parts adjacent, and of the several Parishes of Old Windsor and,

in the County of Berks, and also of the several Parishes of Horton and Wyrardifbury, in the County of Bucks, and

of Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Seeker being examined, said. That there was an ancient Bridge over the River Thames, at Datchet, in the County of Bucks, which being in a very decayed State, became impassable, and in consequence thereof, such Parts which remained were in the Year 1795 pulled down, whereby great Inconvenience has arilen to the Petitioners, and the Public, as there has been no convenient Passage over the Thames in that Part of the Country ever fincej and that the Petitioners are informed, it is intended to erect a new Bridge over the River Thames, in a Situation more convenient and useful to the Public; viz. from a Place, near a small Bridge, called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of New Windsor, in the said County of Berks, to the opposite Bank near a Place called Southley, in the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, which is at some Distance from the Scite of the former Bridge; and that the said new Bridge will form a Communication between the Towns, Parishes, and Places before mentioned, and divers other Parts of the Kingdom:

And the Witness further said. That it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners and others.

Inhabitants of the said Towns, Parishes, and Places, by making a shorter Communication between the Metropolis, and the said Town of New Windsor, and be of Public Utility, if a Turnpike Road was made from the Town of New Windsor aforesaid, to and over the said intended Bridge, and from thence through the Parish of Datchet, and the Parishes of Horton, in the said County of Bucks, and of Stanzvell and Harmondsworth, in the said

County of Middlesex, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Greville, and Mr. Harcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed Borough-in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Durham"1 Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in Roads Bill, the County of York, to the City of Durham-, and for committed, more effectually repairing the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don.

Sir Ralph Milbanke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

M Sir

170 Februarii. A. 1801.

Canterbury Market Bill, presented.

Dewftmrjr Poor Relief Petition.

Lamefley and

Tanfielu Inclosure Petition.

Sir John. Honyvooood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market within the City and County of the City of Canterbury: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and others, of the Vestry of the Township of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it is with deep Concern they find themselves under the Necessity of representing to the House, that, owing to the sudden Decline of Trade, the extraordinary high Price of Provisions, and the Increase of Inhabitants, within the said Township, they are extremely oppressed, and Numbers of them reduced to great Distress, on account of their principal Manufacturers being obliged to dismiss a very large Proportion of their Workmen, and their lesser Manufacturers, daily sinking from a State of industrious Prosperity to Indigence, are now chiefly supported by Parochial Relief; in consequence whereof, their Poor Rates have advanced to such an alarming Height, that the Inhabitants of the said Township are utterly incapable of supporting the Pressure: — That within the said Township there are only Nine Hundred and Seventy-three Acres of inclosed Land, including the Wood Lands, and no Common Open Town Fields, the Rack Rents of which do not exceed £.2,250 and the Rack Rents of the Houses (a large Proportion of the Occupiers of which are not able to pay either Rent or Taxes) do not exceed £.3,500 per Year; and that the Poor Rates for the last Ten Years have been as follows; viz. for the Year 1790, £.396. 17 3

1791> £-522‘l6j- 7^ — 1792. £-449- 14^ ^d. —

1793>jC*4^2. is. 6 d. — 1794,^.626. 16 9 — 1795, £.886. is. i\d. — 1796, £.543. 19 8| — 1797,

£.1,088.5*. iid. — 1798, £.1,133. 7!^ — 1799*

£.1,400. ior. — 1800, to the ift Day of November, £ 2,443. 9J- n\d. — Highways Assessment, for the Year 1800, £.850. — The Poor, from the ift Day of November last, to the 10th Day of January also last, £.591. ioj. 10 d. — And that the Petitioners are at present, and for several Weeks past have been (and which is likely to continue) absolutely paying after the Rate of Six Thousand Pounds per Annum for the Maintenance of iheirPoor,aSum so far beyond their Means, that they are now rendered quite unable to raise the same within the said Township: — That, in order to obtain additional Aid and Assistance, the Petitioners have applied to the Magistrates in Petty Sessions, and also to the General Quarter Sessions, in vain, the Magistrates conceiving themselves incompetent to give Relief, so that they now feel themselves reduced to the painful Necessity of lay ing their same before the House, and craving such Relief as it shall fee right to afford them, which they are encouraged to do from having learned that Relief has been given to certain Parishes in or near the Metropolis, under similar Circumstances: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration their unhappy State, and to grant them such Relief as the Exigencies of their same require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Henry Liddell, Baronet, Sir John Eden, Baronet, and the several other Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Chapelries of Lamejley and Tanfield, or the one of them, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, in the County of Dur-

ham, for and on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the several Commons, Moors, or Trafts of Waste Land, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That there are within the said Chapelries and Parish, certain Commons, Moors, or Traits of Waste Land, commonly called Blackburn Fell, Burdon , Hedley Fell, Kibblesworth Common, and Beamish East , otherwise Blackburn Fell, RavenJTown Fields, and Ravensworth South Pasture,containing, by Estimation, 2,600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and several other Persons are Owners of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Chapelries of Lamejley and Tanfield, or the one of them, and they, or their Trustees, Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, in respect thereof, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Traits of Waste Land; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, which, in their present State, are of little Use, but are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, may be cultivated and improved, and for that Purpose set out, divided, and allotted to and amongst the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, according to their respective interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, regulating, and otherwise improving the same Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Ralph Milbankeand Mr. Burdon do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highgate and Hampstead Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Joseph Burchell, Esquire, being examined, said. That

the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money have been from Time to Time borrowed on the Credit thereof, and the several other Acts therein mentioned; that such Monies have been dulyapplied,but the Roads cannot be effectuallymaintained, improved, kept in Repair, watched, lighted, and watered, nor the said Debts be discharged, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for " repairing the Highways leading to Highgate " and Hampstead,a.nd other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to

" Highgate

Paddington and Harrow Road Bill* presented.

Highgate and Hampltead Roads Petition, reported.

4i Geo. III.

17° Februarii.

" Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint " Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, and to make a new Road " from the Great Northern Road at to the

" Edgzvare Road near so far as the same is

" by the said Act directed to be under the Care and " Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said " new Road, near Queen's to Bagnigge and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads And that Mr. Mainzvaring, Mr. Byng, and Sir John William Anderfoit, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

chester Roads Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do make the Report Eetition.re- from t|ie Committee, to whom the Petition of the r°rtea‘ several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to , and from thence

to Newport, in the County of Salop, and also several other Roads in the said Acts' mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Second District of the said Roads, was referred.

Mr. Mainwaring accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that one of the Notices, which was dated the 26th of September, and intended to have been given in that Month, was, by Mistake of the Printer, neglected, but which was afterwards given on the 3d Day of ); and

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Gregory being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed for the said Second District of Roads, have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be properly maintained, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District, be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Crtflmgham Sir Robert Buxton presented to the House, according jncioiure Bill, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented. Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shaek Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great in

the County of Norfolk, and certain open and inclosed Fields and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Failures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Crejfingham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liferpooi, A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Borough Gaol of Liverpool: And also, and Surrey, A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol at Debtor* Peti- Huntingdon: And also,

uons. a Petition of the Persons confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison the Palace Court in the Borough of Southwark: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of VoL. 56.

43

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distrefsj and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the one passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End oi. West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Lift ear d, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the Road from the said Borough of Lift keard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble and Tdrpoint, and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornzvall and Devon, and the other in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers granted in the said first-mentioned Act, and for amending the Roads from Barnstreet to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Tre-zvorgey Crofts, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads sufficiently improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Eliot, the Lord Fin-castle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mornings at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are, thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themselves and others, entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Precincts of West Bromzvich, in the County of Stafford, called Wtft Bromzvich Heath, Little Heath, Riders Green, Mares Green, and Joan Bridge Green, and other Waste Lands, lying within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish and Precincts, several Hundred Acres of Commonable and Waste Lands, and intermixed Fields, at present of very little Value, owing to the same not being inclosed; and that, if such Commonable and Waste Lands were inclosed, it would be extremely beneficial to all the Owners of Lands having Right of Common thereupon; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, the Owner of the Warren, and the Rector of the Parish Church of the said Parish, shall be preserved to them in their fulleft Extent, and that they shall have such fair Allotments and Compensation for their several Rights, in respect of their distinct Claims, as the House shall think fit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Commonable and Waste Lands, with such Clauses, under l'uch Conditions and Restrictions, and with such Reservations of Right to all Parties interested, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Sir John Wrotteftey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Lifkearct Roads Petition,

1

West Bromwich Inclo* Cure Petition.

Anchotme Drainage Petition.

Kingstromp ton. See. Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of in the County of Lincoln, and making the River navigable

from the River Humber, ot or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glam-ford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Commissioners, appointed for carrying the said Act into Execution, have made great Progress in the several Works thereby directed to be done, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates and Taxes thereby granted, hath been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, which Money {till remains due; and that the Money lb authorized to be raised is become very insufficient for the Purpose of repairing, supporting, and preserving, the several Works of Drainage already executed by Virtue and under the Authority of the said Act, whereby the same have become and are now very defective; and that, by Reason of Improvements in the High Lands adjoining the said Level, the Waters after Rains Row into the Level in much less Time than heretofore, and the several Works of Drainage already executed are, in their present State, insufficient to contain and convey the Flood Waters thereof, and other further Works have become necessary to improve and render the said Drainage effectual; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to complete and maintain the said Works, andtoexecute such further Works of Drainage, it will be necessary that additional Rates and Taxes should be raised, and some of the lowers of the said Act altered and enlarged, and that further and more effectual Provision should be made for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Houlelhallfeemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harrison, Mr. Vyner, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Parishes of Kingsbrompton, Upton, and Skilgate, or some or one of them, in the County of Somerset, certain Commons and Waste Lands called or known by the several Names of Bury Hill, CombJJjead Hill, West Hill, Houndhill, Storridge Common, Brompton Down, Little Down, and Haddon Hill, and also certain Parts of a Common, called Brendan Hill, lying open to each other, and containing together, by Estimation, 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others have Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in, over, and upon, the said Commons and Waste Lands, or some Part or Parts thereof respectively, and it will be of great Benefitand Advantage to all Persons interested therein to have the same properly divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof assigned and allotted to each of them, according and in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Mr. John Eliot, Sir Robert Buxton, ar>d Mr. Junior,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Henry Ne/thorpe, Baronet, John IVad-dingham, John Clarvis, Joseph Toft, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of South

Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, are computed to contain about 1,500 Acres, and the ancient Inclosures in the said Parish are computed to contain 100 Acres, or thereabouts, and it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and if Compensations were made in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the said ancient Inclosures: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restric-tidions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harrison, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of, or Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Sot by, in the County of Lincoln, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient and expenftve, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be of much greater Value, might be much improved, and the Public greatly benefited thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efiectuating the Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harrison, Mr. Ellison, and Mr. Sibthorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are' thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of, or Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient and expensive, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be of much greater Value, might be much improved, and the

Public

South Ferriby

Inclosure

Petition.

Sotby Inclosure Petition*

Bel cli ford In-cioiure Petition.

d by

Public greatly benefited thereby: And therefore pray-, ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ef-

fectuating the Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations and lleftri&ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harrifoil, Mr. Sibthorpe, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

All.nrf,h, Ac. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Cotn-incioiure Bill, monab!c Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, commute . wi[j,jn t]lc Parish of Aand Hamlet of in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Oodmanctief- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition0*"^ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themtclves and other 1 ' Owners of Estates, in the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties tf the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed and dilperfed in small Parcels, lb as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, but if the lame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and rcl'pec-tive Bights and Interests, and such Allotments incloled, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restribf ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hcmingford A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tithnUrc Pe" ^lcIcuato subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parishes of and Hemingford Grey, in the County of Huntingdon, was prelcntedto the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Ellima-tion, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed and dif-1 crfcd in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments incloled, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in inch Manner, and under such Regulations and lleftric-tions, as to the House shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-feant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fall Hnrl'ng A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of, irciofurePe- anc} Persons interested in, the Whole Year and Old In-

closed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fen Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of EafiHurling, in the County of folk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Whole Year and Old Inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dilperfed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests, it would be of considerable Advantage to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and lleftri&ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Afley, Sir Robert Buxton, and Sir Martin Browne Fo/kes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Right honourable Henry Addington being come Mr. Adding-to the House, Mr. Speaker acquainted him, that the ton tlunkcd* House had, Y'efterday, unanimously resolved, That the Thanks of this House be express'ed, in the strongest Terms, to the Right honourable Henry Addington, for ' the exemplary and distinguished Manner in which he discharged the Duties of Speaker during the Whole of the Period in which he tilled the Chair of the House of Commons: That he be allured, that the Proofs which he has uniformly given of Attachment to the Constitution, the Steadiness with which he has maintained the Dignity and Privileges of this House, the Ability, Integrity, and unremitting Attention to Parliamentary Business, which have marked the Whole of his Conduct, justly entitle him to our Approbation, Respect, and Gratitude: And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly; as followeth;

Mr. Addington,

The House have unanimously resolved, That the Thanks of this House be express'ed in the strongest Terms to you, Sir, for the exemplary and distinguished Manner in which you discharged the Duties of Speaker during the Whole of the Period in which you filled the Chair of the House of Commons: That you be allured that the Proofs which you have uniformly given of Attachment to the Constitution, the Steadiness with which you have maintained the Dignity and Privileges of this House, the Ability, Integrity, and unremitting Attention to Parliamentary Business, which have marked the Whole of your Conduct, justly entitle you to their Approbation, Respect, and Gratitude; and it is my Duty to convey to you the Thanks of the House, according to this Resolution. In Discharge of this Duty, if I were to indulge my private Feelings, I should easily find Topics on which to expatiate. But lam to thank you for your Conduct in this Chair, and on that Subject the Resolution itself amply conveys the Opinion of the House. If I were to endeavour to give their Sentiments in other Words, I should probably only weaken the Force of the Expressions which they have used; and I will not therefore attempt to convey to you their Thanks in any Language but their own.

Upon which Mr. Addington said,

Mr. Speaker,

It is with Sensations of the most respe&ful, and heart- Mr. Adding-felt, Gratitude, that I receive the Testimony of Appro- ton* bation, which you have communicated to me, in Obedi-

N ence

Account*, presented:

prohibited £a(l India Goods.

D*.

D*.

OX

Naval Store* from Russia.

D®.

Wlwle Ships.

170 Februarii. A. 1801.

fence to the Commands of the House. To enjoy their good Opinion was my Pride, and Comfort, during my Continuance in their Service; to experience such a Proof of it, as has been afforded me upon the present Occasion, is indeed the highest Honour, and the most gratifying Reward. Being only conlcious of having discharged my Duty with Zeal, and Fidelity, I feel a Satisfaction, which I am unable to express, in being allowed to indulge the Hope, that the Chair, in which you preside, has not loft, by my Conduct, any Portion of that Dignity, and Authority, which are so. essential to the well-regulated Freedom of Debate, as well as to the Rights and Privileges of the Representatives of the People, and which you, Sir, I am sure, will ever be disposed to maintain. My best Acknowledgments, Sir, are due to you, for the Manner in which you have been pleased to execute the Orders of the House: To the House itself I owe every Obligation, which can bind the Duty, Veneration, and Attachment of an Individual to the first Public Body in the World.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in giving the Thanks of this House to the Right honourable Henry Addington, together with his Answer thereto, be printed in the Votes of this Day.

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited India Goods imported into the Warehouses in New Street,

Street, and Saint Helens, in the Port of London, for Coast, Surat, China, and Private Trade prohibited Goods, from Michaelmas 1799 to Michaelmas 1800, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1800; as per Accounts: And also,

An Account of prohibited India Goods imported into the Bengal Warehouse in New Street,

Street, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1799 to Michaelmas 1800; also, what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1800: And all'o,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1799, what have been lince brought in, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1800: And also,

An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1799, what have been lince brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1800: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods which remained out of the Bengal and Coast Warehouses in New Street, Bishopgate Street, Private Trade Warehouses, and the Custom House, in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1799, in order to be dyed, glazed, and re-frelhed, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1800: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1799 to Michaelmas 1800: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1799 to Michaelmas 1800: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Sfreights and the Greenland Seas, distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted cut, Ports where they were discharged, and the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship in the Year 1800: And also,

A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the Ser- ir'1'!'hr'^^r(r‘,n* vice of the Customs, and have been put upon the Su- p!,'t perannuation Fund since flic 17th of 1S00, the Siipe.-.m uu-

Day on which the last Lift was lubmitted. tK,a 1

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Lift were read.

Ordered That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table, tobeperuled by the Members of the lloule.

The laid Accounts and Lilt are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Seftion.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the import Sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom it,was referred pl>' to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen. That One Hundred and Thirty-five Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, including Thirty Thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wage: for D». That a Sum, no" exceeding Two Millions Four Hundred Ninety-levenThouland and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty; for Wages for the said One Hundred and Thirty-five Thousand Men, for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, virtual: for That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Five Hun- u°-dred and Sixty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One Hundred and Thirty-five Thousand Men, for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ordmnre for That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Thirty-seven Service. Thousand and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on Board the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Thirty-five Thousand Men are to serve, for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, at the Rate of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, wear Sc Tear That a Sum, not exceeding Four Millions and Fifty oi ships. Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Thirty-five Thousand Men are to serve, for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Alan per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordlnvyof That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Thirty-seven Navy-Thousand Four Hundred Eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for 'Fen Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ExtraNatyV That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred Thirty-three Thousand and Nine Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, R'e-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for Tea Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Transport That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four Hun- Servlce-dred Forty-five Thousand Seven Hundred Eighteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to

His

Prisoners of War.

Land Forces,

in Ireland.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in Ireland*

D* in Plantations, &c.

41 Geo. III.

170 Februa

47

His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad, for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Care and Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the a6th Day of March 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Five Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-seven Invalids, not exceeding Fifty-eight Thousand Three Hundred and Eigh-ty-seven effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, and in Jersey, Guernsey, and , from the

25th Day of March 1801, to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Six Hundred and Sixty-one Invalids, not exceeding Seventeen Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-two effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the 1 ft; Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Six Hundred Fifty-three Thousand Eight Hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifty-eight Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty-seven effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Britain, and in Jersey,

Guernsey, and Alderney, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Hiding Masters, from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Seventy-six Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-two effective Men, of His Majesty's Land Forces, to be maintained in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Seven Hundred Twenty-four Thousand Three Hundred Seventy-seven Pounds and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Masters, from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight Thousand and 1R

Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose ot Recruiting the Regiments serving in India, from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Fifty-two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Land Forced Majesty, upon Account for the Charge of Recruiting &c* and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Charge of Extra Forage for the Cavalry, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from the 25th Day.of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following,' both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, D° in Ireland. That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Nineteen Thousand Seven Hundred Forty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Charge of Extra Forage for the Cavalry, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland,from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, General and That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-six Thousand Five staff officers. Hundred Twenty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, and in Guernsey and Jersey, from the 25th Day of December 180a to the 24th Day of December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°in Ireland. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight Thousand One Hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called land, from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Embodied That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Seventy- Miiuu,&c. three Thousand Four Hundred Thirty one Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d° in Ireland. That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three Hundred Eighty-one Thousand Seventeen Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge.of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Rlfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Contingen-' That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, be bodie^MUil granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of tia, &c. Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of

Contingencies for Embodied Militia, &c. in Ireland.

Ctoithirfg for the Embodied Militia.

Supenmmera* Tf Officers.

Allowances to certain Officers.

D* in Ireland.

Subii lienee paid to Innkeepers.

Allowances to Forces in Ireland.

48 170 Februariu A. 1801

of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four Thousand Four Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds and Three Shilling^, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the lft Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December fol* lowing, both inclusive, being 358 Days,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Twenty-two Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 2 5th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Sixteen Thousand and Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; viz. to the Paymaster General, to the Commissary General of the Mullers, to the Judge Advocate General, and to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Four Hundred and Sixteen Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers, and others, in the several Departments under-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland; viz. to the Muller Mailer General, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Physician General, to the Surgeon General, to the Provoll Marshal, to the Agent for Transmission of Deserters, to the Town Major of Dublin, to the Secretary and Accomptant to the Board of General Officers, and to the Comptroller of the Accompts of the Army, from the ill Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Fifty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for Small Beer, from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifteen Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Allowance to be made 5

to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and b elaud called Ireland, for Small Beer, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Meli while on a March, from the 25th Day of February 1801 to the 24th Day ot December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Thirty-eight Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny, be granted to llis Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion cf this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to One Private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to One Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Thousand Eight Hundred Fifty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of Half Pay for Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Allowance to retired Chaplains, in that Part of the United Kingdom o { Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the ill Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 338 Days,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two Thousand and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Forty-eight Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-two Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Hof-

pital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Nine Hundred Twenty-three Pounds and One Shilling, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near

Kilmainham, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, from the ill Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 338 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, fox the Year 1S01.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand and Forty two Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted

to

Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Mari ncs.

Reduced llorie Guards*

Half Pay to

Officers iu Ireland.

Officers Tafe in Uie Service of the States General.

Reduced Officers of Kiiriln American Forces.

IX

Chelsea Hospital.

Kilmainham

Hospital.

Widows

Pensions.

D« in Ireland*

Volunteer

Corpt.

I> in Ireland*

Barrack Department.

D* in Ireland.

foreign

tops.

Augmentation of Land Forces.

Hospital Contingencies.

Ordnance.

41 Geo. III.

to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowanced to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the ill Day of ‘January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive* being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Fifty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great , from the 25th

Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Twenty-five Thousand One Hundred Thirty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day offollowing, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Ninety-three Thousand Nine Hundred Twenty-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Thirty-nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the 1 ft Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days- ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Three Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-one Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Fifty-six Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation ot His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, confilting in the Whole of Ten Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-one effective Men (One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty-seven Invalids included) from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-oneThoufandThree Hundred Seventy-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great and Ireland called Ireland , and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day ot December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million and Eighty-tliree Thoufan4 Three Hundred and Seventy-five "V OL* 56*

49

Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty* for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service* for Nine Months, from ift April to 31st December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*.

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight Thousand Severi Hundred and Six Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D* in Ireland That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Ninety-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance Services in Ireland, from 5th January 1801 to 4th January 1802.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to MeYnsTp* consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply pointed, granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny Bill, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ordere<1* Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland have Leave of Ab*. Leave to stay in the Country till the 20th Day of fence. March next, on urgent private Affairs.

A Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Bill to repeal Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the ^nt the Use " Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hun- of Fine Flour, " dred and One, and from thence to the End of Six committed.

" Weeks from the Commencement of the then next " Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any " Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the " making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of " Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirtysixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of " Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the " same j" and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said coofidered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Torke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Torke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charles Torke accordingly reported from the said reported.

O Committee,

I J6 Februariu

i 70 — 18° Februarii A> 1801«

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Tadcaster and Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord-otleyRoad ing Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and al-1 ,preen ' tering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of , through

Colling ham, Harewood, , and , to the Town

of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prtition0^* Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham , and also

the Road leading from Cow Gate and , in

Dover, through Folkstone, to the Town of all in

tthe County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and 'have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and the said Roads are not in a sufficient State of Repair, although the Tolls collected, and the Sums borrowed, have been duly applied towards the Repair thereof; and that unless the Term of the said Acts, which is nearly expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor can the Money so borrowed be paid off: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, ai>d altering and enlarging die Powers of the said Acts, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Newbolt, Mr. Marftiam, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fordham In- Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according dofure Bill, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and preente . jay|ng jn Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in

the County of Cambridge: And the fiune was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

DuniUbie A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Roads Peti- thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an twn‘ Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Ska ford House, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Bull Inn, in Dun-Jlable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shajford House, in the County of Hertford; and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and of the Acts therein mentioned, and thereby repealed; which Money is still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Pcjwers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and it is requifito that the Tolls should be repealed, and others granted instead thereofand that a Part of the Road, leading through the said Town of ,is very

narrow, and, in order to render the same safe and commodious, it is necessary that Power should be given to the said Trustees to purchase and pull down certain Houses, and other Buildings adjoining thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aiorelaul, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Mr. Planter, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Baker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of and

Reed, in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes ami Hamlets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, i8° Februarii;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP" Regis, iSoi.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House,

That their Address of last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct that there be laid before this House a printed Copy of the Statutes of Ireland) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will Directions acccordingly.

The House was moved. That the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth

Year of the Reign -of His present Majesty, for repairing

.Barkwny and Reed Divisioa and Allotment Bill, presented.

Answer to Address.

Chatter Roid* Bill, ordered.

-New Wind-for Road Bill) presenttd.

Donington Roads Petition.

Aberdeen-shire Canal Petition, reported.

41 Geo. III. 18° Februarii

and widening the ltoad from the Bats at Within the Liberties of the City of to

church, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and also several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Second Distcidt of the said Roads, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Act?, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bought on ,within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through 'Ternhill, to Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of the said Roads: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Kynaston Powell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Harcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the county of:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refojved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Trustees, for executing Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unlel's the Term of the said Acts, which is near expiring, be continued, and the several Powers and Provisions there of altered and amended, and some further Tolls granted; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Viscount

Milfntown, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Allardycereported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of

V-ot.. 56.

the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,- an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen into the River Don, at or near to the South End ,of the Bridge over the fame, adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury,in the Parish 0? Kintore, in the County of Aberdeen, was read, whereby it appears that the Petitioners were united into a Company, and were authorized to make and complete the said Canal, and to raise and contribute among themselves, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, and in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the Petitioners were empowered to raise by Mortgage of the Tolls, or by Admission of new Subscribers, the further iSum of Ten Thousand Pounds: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Petitioners have proceeded in making and completing the said Canal, and have expended the Sum of Seventeen Thousand Eight Hundred Pounds, being the Whole of the Money lubscribed, and paid, towards the said Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and are de-lirous of proceeding in their Undertaking; but are at present unable to raile any further Sum of Money by any of the Modes mentioned in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the AberdeenflnreCanal Navigation to complete the same: And that Mr. Allardyce, Mr. Alexander Brodie, and Sir John Stuart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward Knatchbullreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of }iis late Majesty King George the Second, and the <?ther in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and also the Road leading from Cow Gate and Archcliffe Fort, in Dover, through Foljcfone, to the Town of Hythe, all in the County of was referred.;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ':

. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Reynolds being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, of Money (till remain due and unpaid, and the said Roads are not in a sufficient State of Repair, although the Tolls collected and the Sums borrowed have been duly applied towards the Repair thereof: And that unless the Term of the said Acts, which it near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, the said Roads cannot be kept in a proper State of Repair, nor can the Money horrowed be paid off and discharged: Then,

Mr. John Shipdem being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of TwoAfts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

late

Dover Road* Petition, reported.

White Sheet

Hill and Shaf-tefbury Roads Petition.

Tumwood Inclosure Petition.

18e Febru.

A 1801,

hte Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham , and from Cowgate

and Archclilfe Fort, in Dover, through to the

Town of Hyt/ie, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Edward Knatchbulland Sir William Geary do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing an Act, ' paded in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill,.\n the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of through the

Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in

the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House, in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid, and also an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above-mentioned Act, and also, of another Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers of the said Two Acts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Progress bath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued; and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts being very defective, it is expedient that the same should be- repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Francis John Mr.

Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Francis John Browne and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Bramftun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Litrlebury,in the County of Essex i And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Residents, within or near the several Places herein after mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making of a Canal navigable for Boats and other Vessels from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf,in the Town of Rotherhithe, in the said County, will open a Communication for the cheap and caly Conveyance of all Kinds of Commodities from the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and to the Metro-

polis, and of Coals, Manure, and other Articles, from thence into the Country, and will improve the Lands and Estates through and near which it will pass, and will be in other Relpefts of Public Utility; and that the supplying of the Towns of Croydon, Street hum, anti Dulwich, and the District of Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, will be a great Accommodation and Advantage to these several Towns and Places reflectively; and that it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately made and taken, that such Canal, Aqueducts, and other Works, requisite for the Purposes aforesaid, may be made: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the lloule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William RuJJe/l, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber > and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; on Behalf of themselvbs and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of otherwise

Turnworth, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 800 Acres, and the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pal-tures, lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst: the several Persons interested therein, according to their- several and respective Rights and Iriterefts, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may. be given to bring in a Bill for, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees, for executing the Acts hereunder mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-Hrft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and another Act was passed in the Seventh Vear of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and render more effectual the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge

Cross, near Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan, in the Town of Silver ton, and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross to Ford Village Water, in the said County; and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progrels in amending, widening, and repairing, the said tevcral Roads, and for that Purpose have expended several - considerable Sums of Money which were borrowed, and arc still owing, on the Credit of the said Acts; and that the said Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes atore-

laid.

Littlebury Inclosure Billj presented.

Croydon and Rotherhithe Canal Petitions

Tiverton Raids Petition.

fculcoatea Small Debt* Batitioa.

Sci3}p»tfS

Jiving Pcti lion.

said, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa* mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Richard , Mr. coiirt,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arfi thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a great and extensive Trade and Commerce is carried on within the said Parish, and there are many Per* fons who often contract small Debts, and, although able, are unwilling and refuse to pay the fame, presuming on the Inconvenience which Creditors lie under from the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with, in suing for such Debts in Courts of Law; and that, if a more speedy Method for the Recovery of small Debts within the said Parish were established, it w'ould greatly tend to the Support and Encouragement of ut'eful Credit within the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Court of Requests, for the more easy Recovery of small Debts within the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as ' to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry , Mr.

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is a Place of very large Extent, and a very extensive Trade and Commerce is carried on

there; and that the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, already made and built, and which are now making and building within the said Parish, are in many Parts incommodious and unsafe for Passengers, very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Ob-Itruftions, and other Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, are intended to be made or built within the said Parish, which may be subject or liable to the same Inconveniences; and that it would greatly tend to the Convenience, Benefit, and Safety of the Public, as well as of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses already built or building, and of such other Houses as may hereafter be built within the said Parish, and to all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame, if such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, were properly paved, cleanied, lighted, wratched, and regulated, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, removed and prevented for the future; and that -it would also tend to the Convenience and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to the Public, if a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Porters, Coal Carriers, and WateT Carriers, Trucks, Carts,

nd other Carriages, were licensed, and put under proper Regulations: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Pur-

Vol. <6.

poses aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House 5

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. -force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Exe- tion. cution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twenty-leventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Onndle and :to borough,in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, -appointed by the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Money collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act j and that the said Act is near expiring, and the said Roads cannot be sufficiently kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed, and now due, be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, Sir William cole, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Surrey and

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names peet"t*0^,anr^ are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Occu- ported. ' piers of Lands, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and isasfoi-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Ralph Dodd, Esquire, Engineer, being examined, said. That the making and maintaining of a Navigable Canal, with Basons, Reservoirs, Collateral Cuts, Branches, and other Works, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey,

to or near a certain Place called Woodpecker's Lane, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and from thence to, near, or through the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places, of Saint Giles Camberwell, W, alworth, Saint Mary Lambeth, Kensington Common, Stockzvell, Clapham, Balaam alias Balham,

Streatham, Upper Tooting alias Tooting Mitcham,

Merton, Norbeton Common, Malden, Long Ditton, and

P Ewell,

Launceston Roads Petition, reported.

18° Februarii. A.1 % 01.

Ewell,to the Town and Parish of all in the County of Surrey; and also to make and maintain divers Collateral Cuts and Branches navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and through the following Places; that is to say, from the said Canal near Greenland Dock into Greenland Dock, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rot her kit he, in the said County of Surrey; and also from the said Canal near to His Majesty's Victualling Office, into His Majesty's Dock Yards and Victualling Office, in the said County of Kent; and from Woodpecker's Lane to Butt , in the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, in the said County of Surrey, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and to Peckham, in the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surrey; and from and through the said Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell to Horfmonger Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the said County of Surrey, and from Kemington Common, in the said County of Surrey, to enter and communicate with the River Thames, at or near a Place called Cumberland Gardens, at Vauxhall, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey; and from and through the Parish of Mitcham to the Town and Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey; likewise another Cut or Branch from and out of the said Canal to communicate with the River Thames, at a Place called Kingston Creek, in the Parish of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County of Surrey, will not only tend to facilitate and render lei's ' expensive the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between the City of London and Parts adjacent, and likewise to the numerous populous Towns and Places through or near which the said Canal will pass, but will also be the Means of promoting the Cultivation of many Thousand Acres of Waftt and Common Lands, and will also cause the great Improvements of the said County of Surrey, by the eal'y and cheap Conveyance of Manures, and likewise be of great Public Advantage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, to the Parish and Town of Epsom, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brogden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads leading to the Borough of Launcejlvn, in the County of Cornwall, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Reads leading to the Borough of Lannceflon, in the County of Cornwall,were read: And,

Mr. Christopher Lethbridge being examined, said, That the Trustees authorized to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair, tjnlefs the said Acts be continued for a further Term, and it is expedient that several of the Tolls, Powers, and Provisions thereby granted should be

- l

varied and enlarged: And the Witness further said. That it would be a Convenience to the Public, if the Provisions of the said Acts were extended to the Road leading from the Westgate, under Madford, in the Borough of Lannceflon, by way of Dockacre, to the North-gate in the said Borough, extending about Three Furlongs and Three Rods in Length, and the said Road were placed under the Care and Management of the said Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Lannceflon, in the County of Cornwall; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the Westgate, under Madford, in the Borough of Lannceflon aforesaid, by Dockacre, to the Northgate, in the same Borough: And that Mr. Brogden and Mr. Northey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Plea(ley, Glapwell Heath, and Norm ant on, and the Liberty of Hafland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chejlcrfield, in the County of Derby, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads repaired, or kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Terms and Powers, granted by the said Acts, are further continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under, such Regulations, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker Coke, Sir Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Open Fields, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested, and are incapable of Improvement; but if the same were inclosed and divided, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested in proportion to their several and respective Interests, the same might be properly cultivated, and be rendered highly productive: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of making such Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, by such Wap and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrie-tions, as to the House shall l'eem most meet.

Ordered,

Mansfield Roads Petition.

Saint Ives Inclosurc Petition-

Brington ln-cloluce Pc til lion.

Old Hurtt Inclol'urc Petition.

Weedon Inclosure Petition*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Bring ton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open Fields, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Wane Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested, and are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed and divided, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested, in proportion to their several and respective Interests, the same might be properly cultivated, and-be rendered highly productive: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of making such Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Old

Fbtrjl,in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, 1 in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested, and are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed and divided, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested, in proportion to their several and respective Interests, the same might be properly cultivated, and be rendered highly productive: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of making such Division, Allotments,-and Inclosure, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the-Hamlet of fVeedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Hamlet divers Open and Common Fields', Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, which contain together, by Estimation, 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors thereof in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, are intermixed and inconveniently dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and if the fame, together with all other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, in the said Hamlet, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted and awarded unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, it would be very advantageous and beneficial to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given t;o bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting,

Vol. 56.

and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard, the Earl 'Temple, and Sir William 2'oung, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse in the County of Dorset, in the Room of John Bond, Eftjuire, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed that Mr. Allnutt, from the Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Navigation, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Abstract of an Account of all Money received and disbursed by the Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, for the Year 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, afi Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported, exported, and retnainingfor Home Consumption, in the Three Years, ending 5th January 1800, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pepper imported, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Three Years, ending the 5th January 1800, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties, after deducting the Drawbacks, of several Articles of Wood, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1798, 1799, and 1800, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Lead exported in the Three Years, ending the 5th January 1800, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Railins, distinguishing the Sorts imported, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Years ending 5th January 1798, 1799, and 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duty on Paper, for Three Years, to the 5th of July 1800, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Recount of the Net Produce of the Duties imposed on Tea in the Years 1795, 1796, and 1798, for Three Years, to the 5th of July 1800, distinguishing each Duty and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on printed Goods, for Three Years, to 5th Jidy 1800, distinguishing each Article subject to a different Rate of Duty, together with the Total Net Produce of all the said Duties for the same Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, Sea Policies, and the Three Shillings additional Duty of 1797 on Deeds, Charter Party Bonds, Surrenders, and Agreements, and the

Corse Castle Writ.

Abstract of Account of Thames Navi* Ration, patented.

Accounts, ordered;

Sugar.

Pepper.

Wood;

Lead.

RailiiUi

Paper.

Tea.

Printed

Goods.

Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, £:c.

18° Februarii. A. i8ot.

the Average thereof for Two Years* ended the 5th of January 1801.

Horses and Ordered ', That there be laid before this House, an

Carnages. Account, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800, of the Number of Horses kept for the Purposes of riding, or drawing Four Wheel Carriages and Chaises, distinguishing the Number of Horses kept by Persons having only One each, from those where Two or more are kept by the same Person; also, the Number of Horses kept and used for other Purposes, and charge* able with Duty.

Weymouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of and

Regis, in the County of in the room of William

Garthjhore, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

Bill to repeal Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third thfuieoffine Beading of Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal an Act, Flour, paired, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November " One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from " thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, " the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or " other Grain, and the making of any Bread l'olely from " the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed " in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certarn Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision-for the same and to indemnify Millers and pther Persons who have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until " the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight " hundred and One, and from thence to the End of " Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then " next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any " Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the " making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of " Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirtysixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of " Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the " lameand to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dreffod, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aci-onnts, The House being informed that Mr. Hodgson, from pruciiifj; the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, ftPfr- An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty on

Paper, for Three Years, to the 5th of July 1800; distinguishing each Year: And also, n An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties imposed on Tea in the Years 1795, 1796, and for

Three Years, to 5th July 1800, distinguishing each Duty and each Year: And alibr Pointed An Account of the Grot's Produce of the Duties on

u. Printed Goods, for Three Years, to 5th

distinguishing each Article, subject to a different Rate of Duty; together with the Total Net Produce of all the said Duties for the said Years.'

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That^ the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts arc inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800, of the Number of Horses kept for the Purposes of riding, or drawing Four Wheel Carriages and Chaises, distinguishing the Number of Horses kept by Persons having only One each, from those where Two or more are kept by the same Person; also, the Number of Horses kept and used for other Purposes, and chargeable with Duty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover, Assistant Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Three Years ending the 5 th January 1800, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Pepper in^orted, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1800, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties (after deducting the Drawbacks) on the therein-mentioned Articles of Wood, in the Three Years ending the 5th of January 1798, 1799, and 1800, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Lead exported, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1800, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Raisins, distinguishing the Sorts imported, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Years ending the 5th January 1798, 1799, and 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, Sea Policies, and the Three Shillings additional Duty of 1797 on Deeds, Charter Party Bonds, Surrenders, and Agreements, and the Average thereof for Two Years, ended the 5th of January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the

Committee

ApftnJi*

(N* 6.)

Account of Horses and Carriages, presented*

JpptnJi*

(N° 7-)

Accounts,

predated t

Sugar*

Pepper.

Wood.

Lead.

Railing

appendix

(N° 8.)

Account of Stamp Duties on Bills of E& change, ire. preieuted.

Appendix

(No. 9.)

Accounts of Produce of Post Office, Ordered.

JjrtGmted,

Appendix

(No. 10.)

Committee on King's Meffaget'or granting an Annuity to Sir Sidney Smith.

Cocrtmittee of Ways and

41 Geo. lit.

Committee of the whole Doufe, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. /

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix td this Volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the General Post Office, for Six Years, to the 5th April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Grol's and Net Produce of the General Poll Office, for Three Years, to 5th April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce, and Net Exchequer Payments, of the General Poll Office, for Three Years, to the 5th January 1801.

57

House, to consider Anther of Ways and Mfcahs for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, defer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovist 190 dieFebruarii;

1S6 — i 90 Februariu

The House being informed that Mr. Church, from the Post Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the General Post Office, for Six Years, to the 5 th 1800: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the General Post Office, for Three Years, to 5th April 1S00: And also.

An Account of the Gross Produce, and Net Exchequer Payments, of the General Post Office, for Three Years, to the 5th January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means- for-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious Message of Monday last, relating to His Majesty's Recommendation for granting an Annuity of One Thousand Pounds per Annum to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, for the Term of his natural Life.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. ^raZZereported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Ref ilution; w'hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider cf Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brugge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he w'as directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refo !ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole V o l.56.

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 180L

Praters.

MR. Dickinson, Junior, presented to the House,' King'*

according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, n^ofure and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in Bill, present-the Parishes of King's Brompton, Upton, and Shilgate, in ed-the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whit and from thence

to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Ternhill,to Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chester and Whitchurch Roads Bill, presented*

Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee; Birtiops Wal-to whom the Petition of James Earl of and ^^meon

the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Road Petition, Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Ef- reported, tates and Inhabitants respectively within the County of Southampton, near the Roads thereinafter described; was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurn-> pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabie: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. William Gunner being examined, said. That a Bridge hath lately been erected across the River Itchin, at tham,in the County of Southampton, among other Purposes, for that of opening a nearer Communication between the Town oi Southampton and the several Towns of Bishops Waltham, Petersfield, Midhurf, and various other Parts of the Counties of Sou and Sufjexi and in order to complete such Communication; and also to open a nearer and more convenient Road between the Town of Southampton and the City of ,it is

expedient that a Carriage Road should be made and kept in Repair from the Bothy Turnpike Road on Curd-ridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton, through the several Parishes of Bishops Waltham, Corhampton, Exton, Warnford,

Q,

Aberdccn-shire Canal Bill, present-cd.

Kpfom and Ewell Roads Petition, reported.

58

19° Februarii.

A. 1801.

Ampner, and Westmeon, to the G of port Turnpike Road, at or near Filmer Hill,in the Parish of aforesaid, with a Branch from the said intended Road on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhamplon: And the Witness further said, that the making, amending, and keeping in Repair such Roads, will be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants in and near the several Towns of Southampton, Bishops and

Midhurst aforesaid, and will be of general Public Utility, but the same cannot be effected by the Laws in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near Filmer Hill, in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. George Henry Rose and Mr. Amyatt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Allardyce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from lipfom, through to

Tooting, and from Ezvell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough , in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Ever eft being examined, said, That the Truf-

tees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and that great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads: And the Witness further said, that the Money so borrowed and due cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ezvell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road, on Borough Heath, in the said County: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William

Russell, do ^prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Sudbury and in Execution Two Acts, made in the Second and ®l‘ry Sa‘nt Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for R0"dPetirepairing and widening the High Road leading from the uon.

North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a con-ficlerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find the said Acts cannot be carried into effectual Execution, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the Road, leading from the Place where the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly flood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds aforesaid formerly stood, is very ruinous, and, in many Parts, incommodious, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be eifeftually repaired by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and render more effectual, the said Aftts, and for repairing, widening, altering, and turning, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rclhic-tions, as to the House shall appear proper and ne-celfary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conllderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I ioufe:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

The I louse being informed that Mr. from Account of

the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Commission-Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at a! LXb^pre-" the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc- tented, tions of an Act of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31st January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix this Volume. (No. 11.)

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Totness Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in tins present Parliament for the Borough of Totnffs,in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Charles George Perceval, Lord Arden, who hath accepted the Office of Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Devizes Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honou ruble- Henry Addington, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of Mis Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcjborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bun/Hhire the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt' the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Banff,in the room of Sir William Grant, who hath accepted the Office of Steward

of

Bramber

Writ.

Mr. Briery to

carry Bill to repeal Act to prevent the Use of Fine Flour, to the Lords.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills, presented.

Appendix

(No. 12.)

The Lords have passed

Poor Relief Bill.

The Lords delire Copies of Reports re-ipe£ting Waste Lands.

apiei to be

KQC.

190 Februa

of His Majesty's Manor of East in the County of Berks.

Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sn/Jex, in the room of James , Esquire, who hath

accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry to the Lords the

lngrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the " Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred " and One, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks " from the Commencement of the then next Session of " Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour " from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any " Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to " repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers " to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make " more effectual Provision for the fame;" and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Long presented to the Floufe, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties on Income, granted per Act 39 Gee. III. Cap. i3,outstandingand undischarged: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, granted per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76, outstanding and undilcharged: And also,

An Account of the Amount ol Exchequer Bills raised per Acts 39th and 40th Geo.111. Cap. 33, on the Credit of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the Year iSco, out Handing and undilcharged.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, during the Time therein limited; to which the Lords dclire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, Copy of a Report made from the Select Committee appointed by this House to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waite, uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands of the Kingdom; — Ordered to be printed 23d December 1795- — And also. Copy of a Report made from the Committee appointed by this House to take into Consideration the Means of promotirg the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waite, uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow, and Common ol Pasture, in this Kingdom; — Ordered to be printed 27th April 1797.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Home proceeded to take into Consideration that Past of the Me Huge from the Lords, which desires that Vol. 56.

this House would furnish their Lordships with Copies of the Reports therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will communicate to the Lords printed Copies of the said Reports, as delired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. , Deputy

Clerk of the Peace for the County of , at-

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income and Expenditure of the House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, during the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Income, See, of House of Correction for Middlesex, preferred.

Mr. Bragge y according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred King's Mcf-to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious fngan°ASn^ui-Message of Monday last, relating to His Majesty's Recom- ty to sir Sid-mendation for granting an Annuity of One Thousand ney SmJth* Pounds per dunum to Captain Sir Sidney Smithy for the Term of his natural Life, the Resolution which the Committee had direifted him to report to the-House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,1 That the Annual Sum of Onq Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund, and be let tied upon Captain Sir Sidney Smithy for the Term of his natural Life.

The said Ralolution being read a Second Time, was upon the Quefcion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Pic mine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Hose, and Mr.

Longy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Printed Copies of the Reports made from Commit- Copies of Re- tees of this House appointed, in the Years 1795 and 1797, to take into Consideration the Means of promot- Lands to be ing the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waite, Un- to the

inclosed, and Unproductive Lands of the Kingdom, "°r s* being laid upon the Table;

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the same to the Lords, as delired by their Lordships.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means, ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Raking a Sum That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- ty Annuities, jesty, the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions be raised by Annuities, whereof the Charges ot Twenty-five Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds are to be defrayed on the Part of Great Britain, and of Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds on the Part of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Terms of That every Contributor to the said Sum of Twenty- the eight Millions shall, for every One Hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds in Annuities,

after

Charging certain Duties on Wood.

Ipb Februarii.

A. 1801*

after the Rate of/. 3. per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1801, and to be added to and made one Joint Stock with the /. 3. Annuities,

consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Aits, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said 3. per Centum Consolidated Annuities:

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further Principal Sum of Fifty Pounds and Ten Shillings in Annuities, after the Rate of 3. per Centum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1800, and to be added to and made one Joint Stock with certain Annuities, after the Rate of£. 3. per Centum, which were reduced from £. 4. to £.3. per Centum, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £-3-perCentum Reduced Annuities:

That the said several Annuities so to be payable as aforesaid shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated for that Purpose, by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 20th Day of this Instant February, make a Deposit of £. 10. per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to fub-scribe, towards raising the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to lay;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of April next;

£. xo. per Centum on or before the 15th Day of May next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 19th Day of June next;

£ 15. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of July next j

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 21st Day of August next;

£.10. per Centum on or before the 18th Day of September next;

£, j5. per Centum on or before the 16th Day of October next; and

£.10.perCentum on or before the nth Day of December next:

That all the Monies so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services for Great Britain and Ireland, as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, at any Time on or before the 13th Day of October 1801, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £. per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so advanced for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the nth Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Piece of Anchor Stocks, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-buih Ship, an additional Duty of Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Chnrgin? cm there be charged upon every Piece of Anchor Sioeks; Dutic* imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe Wood, in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Pence.

ReJ'elved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Balks, under Five Inches Square and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into

Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Balks, under Five Inches Square and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign S.tip, an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to 11 is Map fly, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Balks, being Five Indies Square or above, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty-four Feet iri Length, or upwards, imported into Britain from

any Part of Europe in a British-hCM Ship, an addiJ tional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Tv\0 Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Balks, being Five Inches Square or above, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty-four Fee*t in Length, or upwards, imported into Great from

any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred ^containing Six Score) of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to 1 (is Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred ^containing Six Score) of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thicknds, imported into.

Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Snip, an additional Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score] of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from an yPart of Europe in a built Siiip, an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thicknds, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Battens, being hight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, Seven Inches

in

4i Geo. III. i () Februdri6t

in Width, and Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Brilijfi-bu\\t Ship, an additional Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

ReJ'olved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Battens, being Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, Seven Inches in Width, and Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That* towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an

additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pliat, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Beech Plank, being Two Inches in Thickness, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-bShip, an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Beech Plank, being Two Inches in Thickness, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built

Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon cverv One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Quarters, being Five Inches Square, or above, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an act-

ditional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tint, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Quarters, being Five Inches Square, or above, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charging: That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, £>ut,e* there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing wood.

Six Score) of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty* there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Nineteen

Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Seven Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoe Makers, under Four Feet in Length, and under Six Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoe Makers, under Four Feet in Length, and under Six Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoe Makers, Four Feet in Length, or Six Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Britif;-bv\\t Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Linn Boards,or White Boards for Shoe Makers, Four Feet in Length, or Six Inches in Thick-.

K nel's.

61 190 Februarit. 18 o i.

ness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak Boards, underTwo Inches inThickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Ship, an

additional Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Refolued, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thick-ness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thick-ness, and Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thick-ness, and Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and not exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Ship,

an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and not exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-bu\\t Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Euro in a built Ship,

an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Two Pence.

5

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built

Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty* there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part ot Europe in a Foreign Ship, art additional Duty of One Pound Two Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every' Inch or Foot of Wainscot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Length or Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an act-

ditional Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Inch or Foot of Waintcot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length and One Inch in Thickness, and lb in proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Box Wood imported into Britain from any Part

of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty oF Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cornmittee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty', there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Box Wood imported into Gre Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter in Thickness,imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built

Ship, an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter inThickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter in Thickness, imported into Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship,

an additional Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved,

Charging certain Duues on Wood.

4i Geo. III. 190 Februarii. 63

chargingcer* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, am Dutie* That, towards raising the Supply granted toHis Majesty, Wood. there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the" Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness (except Deals not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thickness) imported into Britain from any

Part of Europe in a Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, be* ing Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness (except Deals not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thickness) imported into Britain from

any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an act-

ditional Duty of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged #pon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Pounds Seven Shillings.

Vox,. 56.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chars;-in(r cer. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, tain Duties there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Six Pounds Eleven Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Six Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Fathom of Fire Wood,

Six Feet Wide, and Six Feet High, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Ship,

an additional Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Fathom of Fire Wood,

Six Feet Wide, and Six Feet High, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Shilling and One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Fir Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built

Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Fir Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Fir Quarters, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Fir Quarters, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Handlpikes, under Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Five Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That,towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Handlpikes, under Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing

Six

Du^*»" ?e^s' *imPor^d into Great Britain from any Part of Europe on 1 in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Wood. Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing SixScore) of Oak Boards, underTwolnches inThickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak. Boards, under Two Inches in Thick-ness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thick-ness, and Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thick-ness, and Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Failing Boards hewed on one Side, and not exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Brit ifh-built Ship, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Failing Boards hewed on one Side, and not exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty oi Eleven Shillings and Two Pence.

5

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty* there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Pipe Boards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, art additional Duty of One Pound Two Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Inch or Foot of Wainscot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or lester Length or Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-bxxxlt Ship, an additional Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Inch or Foot of Wainscot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length and One Inch in Thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or lester Length or Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Box Wood imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Box Wood imported into Grea Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built

Ship, an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter inThickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship,

an additional Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches and a Quarter in Thickness, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved,

Chargingcer-taiu Duties

Oil

Wood-

41 Geo. III. 190 Feb 65

Charging cer- an additional Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and uin Duties TwoPence.

Wood. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton (containing Twenty Hundred Weight) of Olive Wood, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Five Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Round Wood, under Eight Inches Square, and under Six Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in, a built Ship,

an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Round Wood, under Eight Inches Square, and under Six Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Round Wood, being under Eight Inches Square, and Six Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon ever}' One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Round Wood, under Eight Inches Square, and Six Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Spars, under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Five Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Spars, being under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Spars, being Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional

Duty of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Spars, being Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Four Shillings apd Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Spars, being Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into Great Britain, from any Part of Vot 56.

Europe in a British-budt Ship, an additional Duty of Charging cer* Eight Shillings and Ten Pence. > ^jn DlUie*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wood. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Spars, being Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Thousand of Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Seven Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Thousand of Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Thousand of Spokes ' for Wheels exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a built Ship, an additional Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,; there be charged upon every One Thousand of Spokes for Wheels exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Fifteen Shillings. 'ft

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majest^f there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in'Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Ship, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Fifty Inches in Length, and

S not

not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length, hot above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Britain from

any Part of Europe in a British-b Ship, an additional Duty of Five Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches,in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Six Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not exceeding Three Inches in Thickness, and BOt above Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europt in a built Ship,

an additional Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Staves, above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not exceeding Three Inches in Thickness, and not above Seven Inches in Breadth, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Six Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Fir Timber, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, being of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Five Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged epon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Fir Timber, being Eight Inches Square, br upwards, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, Deing of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Fir Timber, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards (except Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway imported directly from thence not exceeding Ten Inches Square) imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty

Cubic Feet) of Fir Timber, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards (except Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway imported directly from thence not exceeding Ten Inches Square) imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Oak Timber, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Britisho-built Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Oak Timber, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated, or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated, or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Users, being under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-buWt Ship, an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Users, being under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Users, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British -built Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred (containing Six Score) of Users, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Wainscot Logs, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a British-buWt Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

' Resolved,

Charging c er*‘ tain Duties on Wood.

4* Geo. III.

Charging cer- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* tain uties towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Wood. there be charged upon every Load (containing Fifty Cubic Feet) of Wainscot Logs, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties shall not be paid, or payable* upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Sugar imported, granted by an Act made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Sugar, the Produce of the British Colonies, or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Sugar, the Produce of the Indies, imported into Great Britain, according to the gross Price at which the same shall be publicly fold, an additional Duty of Three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Sugar, of any other Description or Sort, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One Hundred Weight of Sugar, the Produce of the British Colonies, or Plantations in exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be allowed on every One Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar, called Bastard, and Ground or Powdered Sugar, and Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Three Shillings be allowed upon every One Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar in the Loaf, and Whole, being net exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Raisins, of all Sorts, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Pepper. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pepper which shall be delivered out of any W'arehouse, to be used and consumed in Great Britain, an additional Duty of Three Pence.

Lead. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton (containing Twenty Hundred Weight) of Lead, exported from the United Kingdom, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Pepper. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pepper, which shall have been warehoused in Great Britain, and exported from thence, a Duty of Three Pence, tea. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of Ten Pounds per Centum upon all„Tea which shall be sold at Vol. 56.

the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of Eng- Charging land trading to the East Indies, for Two Shillings and one''

Six Pence per Pound, or upwards, tabe computed upon Tea. the gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, a Drawback of the said Duty be granted upon the Exportation of all such Tea sold by the said United Company, and exported to any Place where a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ P»peti That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Customs of Ten Pence upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing* or either of them, and of all Elephant Papers and all Cartridge Papers imported into Great , whether-

by the East India Company, or otherwise (except Paper

of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of Two Pence Halfpenny upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Papers which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Customs ol

Four Pence upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coloured Papers and Whited-brown Papers, fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company, or otherwise (except Paper of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of One Penny upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Customs of Two Pence upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable, of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company, or otherwise (except Paper of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of One Halfpenny upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Customs of Ten Pence upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Paper, not before enumerated, or defer i bed, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company, or otherwise (except of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of Two Pence Halfpenny upon every Pound Weight Avoirdu'-pois of all such Non-enumerated Papers (other than,

and

19° Februarii

ton Board) which shall be made in Great Britain, or R That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Printed which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, °00 *' from thence into Great Britain. there be charged an additional Excise Duty of Two

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence Halfpenny upon every Yard in Length, reckoning That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, Yard Wide, of all Stuffs, other than such as before enu-there be charged an additional Duty of Customs of mcrated and described (and except such thereof as shall Twenty Shillings upon every Hundred Weight of Paste- be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made board, Mill-board, and Scale-board, which shall be im- of Woollen, or whereof the greater Part in Value Hull ported into Great Britain, whether by the East India be Woollen) which shall be printed, stained, painted, or Company or otherwise (except of the Manufacture of, dyed, in Great Britain, and so in proportion for any and imported from, Ireland.) greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of Ten there be charged an additional Duty of Excise of Two Shillings and Six Pence upon every Hundred Weight of Pence Halfpenny upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Paste-board, Mill-board, and Scale-board, which shall Yard Wide, of all Irish printed, painted, stained, or be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in dyed Irish-made Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, and Stuffs,

Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great made either of Cotton or Linen mixed with other Ma-Britain. terials, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, other figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, mixed or wholly made of Cotton Wool (except such as there be charged an additional Duty of Customs of Six shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only) which Pence upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, and printed, painted, or stained, Paper, for Hangings, which so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

East India Company or otherwise (except of the Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, nufacture of, and imported from, Ireland.) there be charged an additional Excise Duty of Two

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence Halfpenny upon every Yard in Length, reckoning That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Yard Wide, of all Irish printed, painted, stained, or there be charged a Duty or Excise of One Penny upon dyed, made Stuffs, not before enumerated, or de-every Yard Square of Irish printed, painted, or stained, feribed (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one Paper, to serve for Hangings, or other Uses, which shall Colour only, and except Stuffs made wholly of Woollen, be imported into Great Britain from Ireland. or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, there be charged an additional Duty of Customs of One Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Pound Three Shillings and Four Pence, upon every That the said several and respective Duties of Excise be Hundred Weight of Books, bound or unbound, which drawn back upon the Exportation of the several and shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the respective Articles and Things upon which the same are East India Company or otherwise (except from Ireland.) charged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Horse*. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Excise Duty of Two there be charged upon every Person keeping and using Pence upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, for which bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall the Duty of One Pound Four Shillings is now charge-be imported into Great Britain from Ireland. able by the Act of the 38th Year of the Reign of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His present Majesty, an additional Duty of Ten That the said several and respective Duties of Excise on Shillings.

Paper be drawn back upon the Exportation thereof. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

That a Drawback of Two Pence per Pound be allowed there be charged upon every Person keeping and using on the Exportation of Printed and Ruled Books. Two or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which a

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, progressive Duty is now chargeable by the Act of the That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, there be charged an additional Excise Duty of Two an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings for each such Pence Halfpenny upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

Yard Wide, of all Linens, and of all Stuffs made either Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fuf- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, tians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured there be charged upon every Person keeping any Horse,

Stuffs, made of Cotton, and other Materials mixed with Mare, or Gelding, or any Mule, for which the Duty of or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, Six Shillings is now chargeable by the Act of the which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an act-Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout ditional Duty of Four Shillings for each such Horse, of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or Mare, or Gelding, or Mule.

whereof the greater Part in Value shall be Woollen) and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Post-ige. so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity. That the several Rates of Postage, now payable by Acts Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, 5th, 24th, and 37th Years of the Reign of His pre-there be charged an additional Excise Duty of Two sent Majesty, and also the Rates established for the Pence Halfpenny upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Carriage Yard Wide, of Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton Wool, called The Benny Post, and for Letters put into a Penny wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manu- Post Office, to be forwarded by the General Poll, by factory, and of British Muffins, which shall be printed, an Act of the 34th Year of the Reign of His stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except such present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved.

4i Geo. III. 19 0 Februa 69

Charging cer- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

tain Di^tie* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Pottage. there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the General Post, not exceeding Fifteen measured Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Three Pence; for every Double Letter, Six Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Nine Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet, not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged, for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post, above Fifteen measured Miles, and not exceeding Thirty Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Four Pence; for every Double Letter, Eight Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce iq Weight, One Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Four Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post, above Thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding Fifty Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Five Pence; for every Double Letter, Ten Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Eight Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, *That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance ot Letters by the Post, above Fifty measured Miles, and not exceeding Eighty Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Six Pence; for every Double Letter, One Shilling; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Six Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Six Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post, above Eighty measured Miles, and not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Seven Pence; for every Double Letter, One Shilling and Two Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Nine Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Four Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet ot greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, tiiere be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post, above One Hundred and Twenty measured Miles, and not exceeding One Fiundred and Seventy Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Eight Pence; for every Double Letter, One Shilling and Four Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Eight Pence, and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Vol. 5ft.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charging cer-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His M ‘n" ^uties

there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters Poihge. by the Post, above One Hundred and Seventy measured Miles, and not exceeding Two Hundred and Thirty Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter,

Nine Pence; for every Double Letter, One Shilling and Six Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Three Shillings; and so in proportion for every other Letter of Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post, above Two Hundred and Thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding Three Hundred Miles, within Great Britain, for every Single Letter, Ten Pence; for every Double Letter, One Shilling and Eight Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Six Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Three Shillings and Four Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That,towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter by the Post above Three Hundred measured Miles, for every Distance of One Hundred Miles which such Letters shall be lo carried or conveyed within Great Britain, a further Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter, Two Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce; and where such Distance above Three Hundred measured Miles shall not amount to One Hundred Miles, the like further Sum. for every Single Letter, One Penny; for every Double Letter,

Two Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three Pence; for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet ot greater Weight than an Ounce; and where the Distance above Three Hundred measured Miles shall exceed One Hundred Miles; and so progressively for any like Excess of Distance of One Hundred Miles, the like further Sum, for every Single Letter, One Penny; for every Double Letter,

Two Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three Pence; for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Conveyance of every Letter sent by the Penny Post, from any Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, to any other Place within the same Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, the Sum of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, s there be charged for the Conveyance of every Letter put into a penny Post Office, to be forwarded by the General Post, the Sum of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters . by the Post, to or from any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irela, from or to any

T Places

V-

Charging

Duties on

Pottage*

Stamps*

- Places out of the said Kingdom, not within His Majesty's Dominions, in Addition to all other Rates now payable, for every Single Letter, Four Pence; for every Double Letter, Eight Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Four Pence* and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by Packet Boats, from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven (over and above all qther Rates payable) a Packet Postage of, for every Single Letter, Two Pence; for every Double Letter, Four Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Six Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce inWeight, Eight Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet exceeding an Ounce in Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That* towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of Money on Demand, for which any Stamp Duty is charged by an Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, the additional Sum of Two Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Four Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, payable otherwise than on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Four Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Bill of Exchange whatever shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed Two Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment. of Money to the Bearer on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, which may be re-issuable from Time to Time after Payment at the Place 5

where the same was first issued, but not otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, the additional Sum of Two Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Four Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Six Pence; and where such Sum (hill exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed One Hundred Pounds* and shall not exceed Two Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, which may be re-issued from Time to Time, after any Payment at the same Place, or any other Place than where the same was first issued, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, the additional Sum of Four Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Promissory Note, or other Note payable, otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Britain, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Four Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed I'itty Pounds, and shall not exceed One Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Tw'O Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Promissory Note, or other Note, payable on Demand or otherwise, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed Two Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest, whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum to be inlured shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of One Hundred Pounds inlured; and where the Sum insured shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds, the like additional Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One Hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of One Hundred Pounds, the like additional Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence for such fractional Part of One Hundred Pounds, to be paid by the alTured in such Insurances respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That,

Charging certain Duties 011 Stamps.

190 — 20° Februarii.

1*

on

Stamp*.

caging cer- That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Mata*11 Duties jesty, there be charged upon all and every Insurances or Insurance, made in Great , where the Premium,

or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond side paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Shillings where the Sum so to be insured shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, the additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of One Hundred Pounds so insured; and where the Sum so to be insured shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds, a like additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence; and where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One Hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of One Hundred Pounds, a like additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence for such fractional Part of One Hundred Pounds, to be paid by the allured in such Insurances respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of Three Shillings is chargeable by an Act passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present

Venerisy 20° die;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP"

Regis,

1801,

Pa A VERS.

MR. Bernard presented to the House, according to Weedon in-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Buxton presented to the House, according F.aft ttarling to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclou.re Bill, the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and preentt Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Majesty, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, in Great Britain,the additional Sum of Three Shillings.

The first One Hundred and Forty-three Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time,

Oxfordshire

Wnt.

Motion re-| fueling the Expedition to Ferrol.

Ntg.

A Petition of John Woodward, Esquire, Lord of the Bm'shton Tn-Manor of Boughton Overhall and Netherhall, in the tioru County of Norfolk, and of several other Persons, whole 1 n- ->i< - , Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-

1 1 j it- r , t. r , / nients, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk,

The One Hundred and Forty-fourth Resolution of Shackage and Common, within the Parish of

the Committee, being rend a Second Time; in the said County, was presented to the Houset and

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed read . Sett;ng forth> That there are wirhin the said

Parish certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, which are computed to contain 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts, and also certain Commons and Walle Grounds which are computed to contain 400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Walle Grounds, are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, are uninclosed, in small Pieces, intermixed, and very inconveniently situated; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interfiled, if the said Rights ot Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Common Fields,

Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Walle Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specitic Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Motion was made, and the Question being put, g-r and Mr. Ajiley do prepare, and bring

this House will resolve itself into a Committee of jn ^me

to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Then the subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the Resolutions which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus Lord Granville LeveJ'onGower, Mr. HileyAddington, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledling of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Spencer, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer, who hath accepted the Office of Postmaster General.,

A

That

the whole. House, to enquire into the Cauies of the Failure of the Expedition against Ferrol-,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Sturt, Mr. Jekyll: Mr. Steele, Mr. Huj:

75-

149.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo 1.. 56.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts, passed in the ift, 2d, and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge to the

Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West and several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wills, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed, in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road

at Willoughby Hedge, in ll'eft Ktioyle, and also from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, and also the Road from the Turnpike

Fisherton Bridge Road* Petition.

7 2 20° Febrtiar. 1801 *

pike Road at the Top of Redhone Hilly in the Parish of Urflfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fishertm Street, in the County of Wilts, and another Act was passed in the Second Year of- the Reign oft His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual the said Act, and another Act was passed, in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Acts; and that tile Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are (till due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and that it will be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the Road, leading from a Piace called The Four Corners, in the Town of Wilton, through a Square, called Kingsbury Square, in Wilton aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Fisherton to Ball Bridge,

were made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Redactions and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the' fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lefevre, Mr. Howard, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Highgate and Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according

*° Ort'er> a Hill to continue the Term, and alter and presented.' amend the Powers, of an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue and render morecffedual several " Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways " leading to Highgate and and " other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the " County of Middlesex, and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective "Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate " Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Giles's Pound

" to Kilbourne, to make a new ltoad from the Great " Northern Road at Ifdngto the Road near " Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the " Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for " making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's " Row, to Bagnigge Wajhand for watching; lighting, " and watering, the said Roads-." And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BifliopsWalt- Mr. George Henry Rose presented to the House, ac-m«nnRoadtt' cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a kill,presented. convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Waltham, to join the G'osport Turnpike Road, at or near Earner hiii, in the Parish of Westmson, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corkampton to the VII-

lage of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

11 ejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Croydon oral . Lord William Rtffellreported from the Committee, Rotherhithe to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole tion,reported. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of El-tates, or Residents, within or near the several Places thereinafter mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey and

Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the 1 louse, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. 1

Thomas Turner being examined, laid, That the making of a Canal, navigable for Boats and other Y'eflels, from, or from near, the' Town of , in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Ro-therhithe, in the said County, will open a Communication for the cheap and easy Conveyance of all Kinds of Commodities from the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex, to the Metropolis, and of Coals, Manure, and other Articles from thence into the Country, and will improve the Lands and Estates through and near which it will pass, and will be in other Respects of Public Utility: That the supplying of the Towns of,

Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District of Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said ('anal, will be a great Accommodation and Advantage to the said several Towns and Places respectively. Then,

John Rennie, Esquire, Engineer, being examined,

said. That it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately nude and taken, that such Canal, Aqueducts, and other Works, requisite lor the Purposes aforesaid, nuv be made.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Crow-Ion, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf,in the Town of Bother Lithe, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the Dillrict called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal:

And that Lord William RvJJell, Sir John Frederick, and.

Mr. Hob house, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according Surrey and to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cinjl Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called ej. ,prUe‘lt Wilkiufon'sGun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Parish and Town of Epsom,in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Pari (lies and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. j

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according F.pfomand I to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering [hakproint- and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the eJ. '' |

Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty I

King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of I fg-

the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widen- I *rt(

ing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from B.pjom, I

through Ewell, to Tooting, and from wed to Kingston I

upon Thames, and Thames bit ton,in the County of Surrey: I

and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, I

the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, acrols I

Ewell Common Fields, to the RyegateTurnpike Road, I on Borough Heath, in the said County: And the same I

was received; and read the First Time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. I

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to c^bkdg*

' 1 , iiure Writ. I

4i Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of ,in the

room of Charles Torke, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of His Majesty's Secretary at War.

Kjt writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sttjfex, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, commonly called Lord who hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State.

often contract small Debts, and although able are un* willing and refuse to pay the fame, presuming on the Inconvenience which Creditors lie under, from the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with in suing for such Debts in Courts of Law: That if a more speedy Method for the Recovery of small Debts within the said Parish were established, it would greatly tend to the Support and Encouragement of useful Credit within the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Court of Requests for the Recovery of small Debts within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. -force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Peterborough Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom rionfneMited. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 13 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapfion, to Wellingborough, in the County of and for re-

pairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was referred; That the Committee had exa-. mined, and found that the StandingOrders of the House,

relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Richard Todd being examined, laid, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Money collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts: That the said Acts are near expiring, and the said Roads cannot be sufficiently kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed and now due be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlarged, the Tolls increased, and the said Acts made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterb, through and

Thrapjion, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining the reto: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sculcoate* Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Pttition're* wb°m the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ported. rC" are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York,was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Stephen Dickinson being examined, said, That a great and extensive Trade and Commerce is carried on within the said Parish, and there are many. Persons who Vol. 56.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Sculcoates whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ^reported! are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Stephen Dickinson being examined, said. That the Parish of Sculcoates is a Place of very large Extent, and that a very extensive Trade is carried on there; that the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places already made and built, and which are now making and building within the said Parish, are in many Parts incommodious and unsafe for Passengers, very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and that the o^her Streets and public Places, intended to be made or built, may become liable to the same Inconveniences: that it would tend greatly to the Convenience, Benefit, and Safety of the Public, as well as of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses which are or may be built within the said Parish, and to all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame, if such Streets and other public Places were properly payed, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions removed and prevented for the future: And the Witness added. That it would also tend to the Convenience and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to the Public, if a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, land other Carriages, were licensed, and put under proper Regulations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York j and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions} and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Com- Sudbury and mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Truf- £dmund"» tees appointed to put in Execution Two Act$, made Road Petition, in the 2d and nth Years of the Reign of His repotted. present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High

U Road

Burford Road Petition, reported.

Road leading from the North End of Bridge,

in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate

in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Ward being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find the find Acts-can not be carried into effectual Execution, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: That the Road leading from the Place where the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly Rood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds aforesaid formerly stood, is very ruinous, and in many Parts incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the zd and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suf-

folk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord VII'count Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees ior putting in Execution an A<d, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and wi- dening the Road from the Hand and Poll in " ton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County " of Oxford, through-the several Parishes within mentioned,toaPiacein the Parish of Preston, in the County " of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy," was referred.

Mr. John Fane accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Coxwell being examined, said, That in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Tolls increased, and some other Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 3

Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the 26th Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place, in the Parish of Preston, in the County of called Dancy's Fancy: And that Mr. John Fane and Mr. Peters do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Lord VII'count Cajllereagh, Mr. Huf-kiffon, and Mr. Beresford, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTrea-fury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Rel'olutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties on Income granted per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 13, outstanding and undischarged, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, granted per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76, outstanding and undischarged, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised per Acts 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33, on the Credit of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1800, outstanding and undischarged, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions;which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Irish Militia F ield Officer* Bill, ordered.

Exchequer Bills Bill on Credit of Supplies, ordered.

Committee of

Ways and Means*

Committee of Supply.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills, referred.

20° — 2i°

BiH for raising a Sum by Annuities pre-tated*

Customs additional Duties Bill,present-cd.

Paper,'Printed Stuffs, and Tea Duties JhiJ,presented.

Stamps additional Duties Bill, preicnt-cd.

Horses additional Duties Bill, present-

Pofhge Duties Bill, presented.

Bill for granting an An^ nmty to Sir Sidney Smith, presented.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit £gain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Railins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain,on Pepper exported from tain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into G Britain-, on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into Great Britain from Ireland; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-motrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horles in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Portage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Synith, in Confident ion of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of EgyptAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 56.

75

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown in Ireland are held by Members of this House; and to report the same to the House; distinguishing which of such Offices or Places are held during Pleasure, or are granted in Reversion:

And a Committee was appointed of General Mr. John Beresford, Mr. H the Lord Sheffield, Lord Viscount Castlereagh, Mr. Mr. Trench, Mr.

Daly, Mr. Vandeleare, Mr. St urges, Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Sewell, Mr. Sargent, Mr. HMr. Bagwell, Mr. Rose: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the $zd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone-lane-

head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Walpole, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21 ° die Februarii;

1

Anno 41* Georgii III*11, Regis, 1801.

Praters.

MR. Richard Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Trustees, for executing the Acts thereunder mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 7th Year of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Cross, near Bickl Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan, in the Town of Silver ton, and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross to Ford Village Water, in the said County, were read: And,

Mr. William Baker being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing the said several Roads, and for that Purpose have expended several considerable Sums of Money, which were borrowed and are still owing on the Credit of the said Acts, and cannot be repaid, por the Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

continuing

Committee appointed to enquire what Offices in Ireland are held by Members.

Chesterfield and Derby Roads Bill,' committed#

Tiverton Roads Petition, reported.

Starvelcy Inclosure Petition.

Little UCebu rn Inclosure Petition.

Tadcaster and Or tty Road Bill, committed.

Leave of Absence.

2i° Februarii. A, 1801.

continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Richard Ryder and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Parish there are several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and several others, which, in their present State, lie intermixed in small Parcels, and very inconvenient for Occupation, and, being also subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, are not capable of much Improvement; but, if the same were exonerated from Tythes, and allotted and divided, in Severalty, to and amongst the Owners thereof, according to their several Rights and Interests, they might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the fame, and to exchange their inclosed Lands within the same Parish, and to obtain an Exoneration from Tythes arising or renewing therefrom, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates within the Manor and Township of Little , in the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Township there are several Open and Arable Fields, Ings, and Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places, and Wastes, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, lie very inconvenient for Occupation, and much intermixed, and, being subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, are not capable of much Improvement; but, if the same were exonerated from Tythes, and allotted and divided in Severalty to and amongst the Owners thereof, according to their several Rights and Interests, they might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the fame, and to exchange their inclosed Lands within the said Manor and Township, and to obtain an Exoneration from Tythes arising or renewing therefrom, in tuch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. HenryLafcelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

and in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Colling ham, Harewood, thington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West: Riding of the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

Ordnedy That Mr. Burton have Leave to flavin the Country for Six Weeks, on Account of Illness.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Income of Ireland, for the Year Ireland, or-ended the 5th of January 1S01, so far as the same can be dered! made up or estimated; distinguishing, under each Head ^evenue‘ of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt — the Rate per Centum for collecting the same — -and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively; distinguilliing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer upon each Head of Revenue, and also for Loans and every other Head of Receipt; and also specifying the Amount of Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Years; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Days of January 1800 and 1801 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated, and the Amount of the Treasury Bills issued for the Public Service between the Days above mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Expenditure, count shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5th of January 1800, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th of January 1801 — And, the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; together with the Amount of the Treasury Bills issued and not redeemed during the said Year, have been actually applied; distinguilliing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service, namely; 1. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the usual Grant for the same Purpose, and the Interest for the Debt upon Loans from England. 2dly. The Interest on Treasury Bills.

3dly. The Civil List. 4thly. Pensions. 5tldy. Parliamentary Grants, Annual and Permanent. 6thly.

Military Establishments. 7thly. Suffering Loyalists:

And, lastly, the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services not hereinbefore enumerated; specifying the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Funded Dttvr. Account of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the same stood on the ift of February 1801 (or to the latest:

Annual Period to which the same can be made up); distinguishing the Years in which each Part thereof was created, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, so far as the same can be ascertained; distin-guidling also, the different Funds in which it is inverted,

— the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund, — the Annual Interest and Annuities, and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin, reflectively, — the Charges of Management, — and the Annual Charge for Reduction of the said Debt; distinguilliing also, at what Periods the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sinking Fund. Account of the Progress made in the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland to the 1 ft of February 1801 (or to the latest Annual Period to which the same can be made up); distinguilliing the Capitals of the several Funds, — how much of each Fund respectively has been redeemed, the Total Sums paid on Account thereof, and at what Average Price of Stocks — and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof, specifying their Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof, payable in London and Dublin respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Arrean-Re-Account of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1801 venue.

from

4i Geo. III.

21° Februarii,

77

Arrears and

Balances before Auditors

Exports and Imports.

Triffi Militia Field-Officers Bill, present-oL

Exchequer Bills Bill on Credit of Supplies, pre-fcnted.

Bill for raffing a Somby Annuities. committed.

Customs additional Duties Bill, committed.

from the several Persons employed in the Collection of the Public Revenue of Ireland since the 5th Day of \ January 17 80, and now deceased, or, out of their respective Offices; distinguishing each Branch of Revenue, — their several Offices, and Names; the Sums originally due, and at what Time; their subsequent Payments in Reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of January 1801 from the several Persons whole Accounts have been delivered in to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, and to the Auditors of Foreign Accounts and Imprelts in Ireland since the 5th Day of January 1780; distinguishing the Names of such Persons, — the Nature of their Service in which they became indebted, and when the said Service ended, and the Time when their Accounts were delivered in, — the Total Amount of their Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Progress made in settling their Accounts respectively; and the Sums (if any) paid by them in Reduction of their original Debt, and at what Time; and the Sums now remaining due from them respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value (according to the Prices current, and Rated in British Currency) of all Imports into, and all Exports from Ireland, for Five Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1801, or to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, — and distinguishing the Value of Iris Produce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Paper, Primed

~ - - — — " Sturts, and

Tea Duties Bill, Committed'

Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into Great Britain; on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Britain from Ireland; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord Viscount Caflereagh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promifl'ory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Stamps additional Dutiei Bill, committed*

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to illuc Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by House, upon the said Bill Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Horfo addl-Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Bdl^com-1*'* additional Duties on Horles in Great Britain, be now read, mined.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. "

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fucfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

- -- - 1 — Duties Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Railins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 56.

Reading of the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties committed of Pcftage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Billforgrant-Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty tograntacer-tain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Considera- Sidney Smith tion of the eminent Services which he has rendered dur- committed, ing his Command on the Coast of Egypt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

X

ai° FebruariL 1801.

Printed Copies of Re* ports respecting Waste Lands, delivered to the Lords.

Report Ways ana Means.

Additional Annuity to Subscribers to the Loan.

Additional Duty on Pepper exported.

Discount on Duties on Newspapers.

Instructions.

Report Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole same were read; and are as followeth;

House, upon the said Bill. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million One Hun- Mr. Bragge reported to the House, That he had, ac- dred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, cording to Order, been with the Lords, and delivered to to pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills, made their Lordships printed Copies of the Reports made out on the Credit of the Duties on Income granted from Committees of this House, appointed, in the Years by an Act of the 39th Year of the Reign of His present i 795 and 1797, to take into Consideration the Means of Majesty.

promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive, Lands of the That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Fifty Kingdom. Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay

off and discharge the Exchequer Bills made out on the Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Credit of the Duties on Goods imported and exported.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred granted by an Act, made in the 38 th Year of the Reign to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the of His present Majesty.

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; That a Sum, not exceeding Four Millions, be granted which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Ex-at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and chequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in

are as followeth ;viz. the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty, on the Credit of the Aids or Supplies granted That every Person who has contributed towards the for the Service of the Year 1800.

Loan of Twenty-eight Millions, granted by this House The said Resolutions being severally read a Second in this Session of Parliament, shall, for every One Hun- Time, were, upon the Question severally put the retired Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the upon, agreed to by the House, additional Principal Sum of Five Shillings in Annuities,

after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, which were A Petition of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the reduced from Four Pounds to Three Pounds per Centum Parish of Folefhill, in the County of the City of Coventry, by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign was presented to the Hou'e, and read; Setting forth,

of his late Majesty. That the Burthens which the Petitioners have for some

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time part, and at present experience, owing to the very That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, great Number of Paupers within the said Parish, and the there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pepper unprecedented Height of the Poor Rates, have reduced which shall have been warehoused in Great Britain, and the Majority of the Petitioners to a State of great Indi-exportedfrom thence, a Duty of Six Pence. gence, and Incapacity to support their Families in that

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, comfortable Way, which it used to be their Pride and That a further Allowance, by Way of Discount, Happiness to do; and that the Number of Out Pauper* of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum on in the said Parish at this Time exceeds 1,254, and the the Sum paid for Duties imposed on Newspapers, be Paupers who are totally maintained, cloathed, and allowed to all Proprietors of Newspapers, or Papers con- lodged in the Workhouse, amount in Number to 185; tainingPublic News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, which and that there are, within the said Pai ilh, 563 Houses, of shall be printed or published, in addition to the Allow- the Annual Value of £.5 each, and under — 26 Houses, ancegranted by an Act made in the 37th Year of the of the Annual Value of from £.5 to 10 each — 24 Reign of His present Majesty, and on which the Allow- Houses, of the Annual Value of from 10 to^. 20 each ance granted by the said Act shall be payable. — and 28 Houses (with Land occupied therewith) of

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second the Annual Value of £.20 each — in all 641 Houses; Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- and that the Number of Acres within the Pari (lx upon, agreed to by the House. amounts to about 2,280, which are principally divided

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee into small Farms, from Ten to Fifty Acres each, and of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing ,the upon an Average throughout the Parish are rented at Sum of Twenty-eight Millions by Way of Annuities is 1. 7 per Acre; that there are but Three Farms in the-committed, That they haye Power to make Provision in Parish that exceed in Quantity One Hundred and Fifty the said Bill, pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions. Acres, and not a lingle Farm in the Parish of Two

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Hundred Acres, and that at lead one Half of the Land of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to is of a very inferior Quality; and that every Occupier His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, within the said Parish, capable of contributing, is rated Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on up to the full Rack Rent and Annual Value of the Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead ex- Property he occupies; and that the Persons now rated ported from the United Kingdom, is committed, That to the Relief of the Poor, by the great Failure of the they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pur- Ribbon Trade, which was the principal Support of the suant to the Second of the said Resolutions. said Parish, and the enormous Height of the Rates, are

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee now reduced to the small Number of Eighty; and that of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to the Rates already made, and that must of Necessity be His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Ex- made, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, within change, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain the present Year, commencing 1800, and ending

Indentures, Leal'es, Bonds, or other Deeds, is committed, Easter 1801, will amount, upon the Rack Rent, to the That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill Sum of Twenty-four Shillings in the Pound at the least; pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions. and that a great Number of the Petitioners, who now

contribute to the Support of the Poor, will be reduced Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the to the absolute and fatal Necessity of having Recourl'e to Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Parochial Relief, for the Subsistence of themleives and to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, Families, unless some Measures are speedily adopted for the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him lellening the Burthens within the said Parish; and that to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and the Petitioners, well knowing the Inclination of the 6 House

Exchequer

BiLs.

EK

D*.

Petition from Foltthiil, re- petting the Poor Rate*.

Canterbury Market Bill, committed.

New Wind for Road Bill, committed.

Write Sheet Hill and Shaftelbury Roads Petition, reported.

21 — 2 3° FebruariL

House to remove Distress from every Claft of His Majesty's Subjects, most humbly hope that they will take the deplorable same of the Petitioners into Considera* tion, and grant such Relief as shall be deemed proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

A Bill for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Honywood, Mr. Marflsam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

very defective, it is expedient that the same should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending* widening* improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Do Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid: And that Mr* Francis John Browne, Mr. Morton Pitt, and Mr. Banket, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 41® Georgii III'" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A BILL for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. George Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid, and also an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above mentioned Act, and also, of another Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers of the said Two Acts, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth } viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Whitaker, Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees, being examined, said, Tha^ a Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Debt has been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which Debt cannot be paid off, and the Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, tinlefs the Term of the said Acts be continued: And, that the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts being V*ol. 56.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year ot Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Creffinghani, in the County of Norfolk, and certain open and inclosed Fields and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Crejfmgham, in the said County, was read £ Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. AJlley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llan-dilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the newt Bridge over the River Towey to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and several other Roads thereirt mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find that the said Money cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged} and that the Road leading from the said Road, at the East End of the said Bridge, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen to the Village of Llandarog, at or near the East End of Carmarthen Bridge, in the Parish of Llangunor, and from or near a certain Place called near the last mentioned intended Road, to the said Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen to the said Village of Llandarog, at or near a certain Place called Logyndior, and also from the Turnpike Road leading from Llandarog aforesaid to Llandybie, at a certain Place called Porthyrhyd, to the Village of Llanarthney, and also from the Turnpike Road leading from Cajlel/y-garreg to a Ford called Rhydy Cappel, at or near a certain Place called Temple Bar, in the Parish of Llanvi-hangel Abarbythyck, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandiloyaur to Llandybie, at or near a certain Places called Glancentien,in the Parish of Llandilovaur, are in

many Places narrow and incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary1 Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House ftvall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Buxton, Sir Mor-> gan, &c.: And they are to meet To-morrow1 Morning,

at

Cre Gingham Inclosure Bill, committed*

CarmartW Roads Petition.

Aberdeen-lhirt Canal Bid, committed.

Charter and Whtchurch Hoads UiJJ, committed.

Kennet and Avon Canal Petition.

Westmanfide

Jndoiure Bill,

presented.

Wilts and Berks Canal Petition reported.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete

the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dyce, Mr. Brodie, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bou, within the Liberties of the City of Chesterto , and from

thence to Newport, in the County of , and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Tern hill, to Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard HiU, Sir James Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Keimet and Avon Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Three Acts, passed in the 34th, 36th, and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make the said Canal, and to raiie considerable Sums of Money for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are proceeding with the said Canal, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof, and have expended a very large Sum of Money therein, but they find it impracticable to procure any further Sums of Money for carrying on and completing the said Canal, in the Manner authorized by the said Acts; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners effectually to complete and maintain the said Canal, it will be necessary that l'ome Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. George Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of East which is in

the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanfide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox , or Ardington Mead; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation was referred.

Mr. Charles Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 35th Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or IJis, at or near the Town of Abingdon,in the County of Berks, to join or

communicate with the Kennet and Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of and

also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Persons were incorporated by the Name and Title of, " The Company of " Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation," and were authorized to make, complete, and maintain the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works; and that the Petitioners were, by the said Act, authorized to raise and contribute, among themselves, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Sum of x 1 ,900, which was to be divided into One thousand One hundred and Nineteen Shares, of One hundred Pounds e ic!i; and, if the same should be found infuHicient for the Fur-poses of the said Act, they were thereby enabled, after the said Sum of £. 111,900 had been raised as aforesaid, to raise and contribute, among themselves, or by Mortgage of the Undertaking, in the Manner therein rcl'pec-tively mentioned, a further Sum of £. 150,000, to be applied in carrying the several Purposes of the said Act: into Execution: Then,

Mr. James Crowdy being examined, said, That the Petitioners have been only able to raise the Sum of £.61,512. or. 10 d. or thereabouts, as only the Sum of £.74,100, Part of the said Sum of £.111,900, amounting to Seven hundred and Forty-one Shares of One hundred Poundseach, wasoriginally subscribed, and the Petitioners are indebted to their Treasurer in the Sum of £.3,796. 15 s.7 d.advanced by him, for which they have engaged to pay him Intereil, which, together with the said Sum of£.6i,5i2. os. 10 d.so raised as aforesaid, has been duly applied, but is found to be very insufficient for the Purposes of carrying on and completing the said Undertaking; and the Petitioners have all'o incurred I undry other Debts, which are yet due and owing by them: That

the Petitioners have proceeded in making certain Parts of the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, but will not be able to complete the said Undertaking unless they are enabled and authorized to raise more Money for that Purpose, and for discharging their said Debts.

And the Witness further laid, That the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof, in fiveral Respects, defective, and it is expedient that the same should be altered and amended; and that it is also expedient to ascertain and fix the Termination of the said Canal at the West End thereof, and also the Terminations of the Two Cuts or Branches, to be made from the said Canal to the Towns of Chippenham and in the said Acts particularly mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tivrrton Ko:id$ hill, presented.

Kind's

Brompton,&c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Croydon and Kotherhithe Canal Bill, presented.

Galway Town Writ.

Rye Writ.

leave of Absence.

Paddington and Harrow Road Bill, committed.

Burford Road Bill, predated.

Mr. Richard Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of King's Brampton, Upton, and Shilgatein the County of -

set, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son. Junior, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rot her hit he, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norzvood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ir, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Galway, in the County of Galway, in the room of St. George Daly, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Escheator of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Robert Dundas Saunders, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltem Hundreds of Stoke, Deff borough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt have Leave to stay in the Country for Six Weeks, on Account of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to stay in the Country for Six Weeks, on Account of his Health.

A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill,in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand-and-Poll; in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place, in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

VOL.36.

Mr. Dickitis presented to the Floufe, according to Peterborough Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Ro".‘ls^l11* and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the p,ee ' 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapflon, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Erhardt Weippert, was presented Weippert's to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nit‘Pemion' given to bring in a Bill for lus Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Elford and Mr. Glanville do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great Checkhill, and Little Checkhill, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kinfare Tn-closure Bill, presented, .

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, Fisherton to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed ported. ' to put in Execution Three several Acts, passed in the 1 ft, 2d, and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in Knoyle, and several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Charles Still being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That it will be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the Road leading from a Place called the Four Corners, in the Town of Wilton, through a Square called Kingsbury Square, in Wilton aforesaid, to the Turn- , pike Road leading from Fisherton to Bur dons Ball Bridge, were made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the lit, 2d, and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and

Y several

d by

8*

230 Februarii.

A. 1801.

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending of#'} 'Its:And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Goddard the fame, from ift January to 31 1801:

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- Bermuda*. omiorKc A Motion was made. That Leave be given to bring in blishment of the Bermudas (or Somers Wands) from

htio'nofoffice a Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer 24th June 1801 to 31st December 1801: And also,

of Master of of the Rolls in Ireland. A Paper, intituled, " Dominica; Estimate of the Civil Dominica.

Lord Viscount Cajlereagh (by His Majesty's Com- " Establishment from the ill January to 31st: December mand) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having " 1801And also,

been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- New south recommends to the House, the Consideration of better blishment of New South from the 10th Day of 'Valcs-

regulating the Office of Master of the Rolls in Ireland. October 1800 to the 31st Day of December 1801: And

Motion for a Bill for Regu-

the Rolls in Ireland, to be eonlidered in a Committee.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

also,

Committee on Expiring Laws appointed.

Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills expected Bills on Ac-in the Course of the Year 1801 from, or on Account of,

New South Wales And also, _ "

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Money iiTutd issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant P^uant to Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire to Addresses, and which have not been made good by ,e es‘ what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report Parliament: And also,

their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of Superintend of them are fit to be revived, continued, or madeperpe- the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provi-tual: fions of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr. Reign: And also,

Ryder, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Burdon, Mr. Chancellor of the Estimate of the Expences of the Commission under the Commis-

Exchequer, Lord Viscount CajUereagh, Mr. Shaw Le- Seventh Article of the American Treaty, including the "nJer

fevre, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Trench, Mr Sturges, Salaries of the British Commissioners, for the Year 1801: Treaty.

"..... And also,

An Estimate of the Extraordinary Expences incurved Prosecution* for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1800: And also.

An Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred for Expence of confining and maintaining Convicts at Home, for Nine ConViwts-Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, . Months, to 31 ft 1801, inclusive: And alto,

Committee on appointed to take into Consideration what additional An Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred for Printing of

Orders, and what other Regulations, it may be proper printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for Journal, See.

to make relative to the Proceedings of this House in printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing

Consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, Bills, Reports, and other Pipers, by Order of the

and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, House of Commons, for One Year, to the 31 ft from Time to Time, to the House, That they do consider 1801, inclusive: And also,

what further Provision it may be proper to make, either An Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Scotch R«acts. by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, relative to the Qua- of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for lification in respect of Property of Members to fit in the Year 1801.

this House, in consequence of the Union aforei'aid, and And the Titles of the said Estimates, Account, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Paper, were read.

Me- Wilberforce, Sir William Elford, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Bagwell, Mr. Mitford, Mr. Richard Ryder, Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. Adams, Mr. Attorney General: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Instru£Hon to

Orders respecting Ireland.

Time to Time, to the House.

Estimates, &c. presented:

UpperCanada.

Nova Scotia*

New Brush f-wick.

Prince Edward Wand-

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

iiiands.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1801:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ill January to the 31st December 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick in

from the 24th June 1801 to the 31st December 1801:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward Island, from the ift January to the 31st December 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Wand of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th June 1801 to the 31st December 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Wand of Newfoundland, in America, upon the said Bl]1* from the ift April 1801 to the 31st December 1801:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Wands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Account, and Paper, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Note. The Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to Addresses, and which have not been made good by Parliament, was withdrawn by an Order of the House, of the Third Day of March, and another presented on the Ninth; '

The said Estimates, Account, and Paper, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Appendix

(No. 13.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second trim Reading of the Bill for increasing the Number of Field BlVifcoiun^t-Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in , ted.'

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lord*

Leeds: have agreed to

Bui to repeal

Mr. Speaker, Ad to pre

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act vent the use of

to

Fine Flour.

Committee on Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

second Re-

port from Committee on Provisions.

41 Geo. III. 23° Februarii.

to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of " November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and " from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the " manufactureing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other " Grain, and the making of any Bread lolely from the " Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain " Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision " for the fame," and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act:; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly }

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain be divided into Twelve Districts; and that Premiums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of£. 12,000 be offered for the Cultivation of Potatoes, by Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, not being Cottagers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the following Premiums be granted in each District, viz.to the Person who shall, in the present Year, cultivate on Land, now in his Occupation, which has not been used as Potatoe or Hop Ground, or yielded any Arable Crop, during the last Seven Years, the greatest Number of Statute Acres of Potatoes, producing, on an Average, not less than 200 Bushels per Acre (each Bushel weighing not less than 6olbs.)

The Number of Acres, not being less than 30, £-300 For the next greatest Number, not being lei's

than 20 Acres, -.....- - 200

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 10 Acres, - -- 100

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 7 Acres, - -- 70

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 6 Acres, - -- 60

For the next greatest Number, not being less than Acres, - - ----- -- 40

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 3 Acres, - -- 30

To the next Ten greatest Number, not being

less than 2 Acres each, £.20 each, making - 200 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Premiums, to the Amount 13,000, be offered V 01. 56.

for the Encouragement of the Culture of Potatoes, by Cottagers in England and Wales, to be distributed in Sums not exceeding/.20 for each District or Division, in which Magistrates ad at their Petty Sessions in their several Counties, and that such Day Labourer, Artificer, or Manufacturer, being a Cottager in each of the said Districts or Divisions, who shall raise on Land in his Occupation, in the present Year, the largest Average Crop of Potatoes per Perch.

In not less than 12 Perches of Land - - - £.10

To the Second largest Crop on ditto - - - 6

To the Third largest Crop o;i ditto - - - - 4

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.3,000, be granted for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes, by Cottagers, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, in such Sums, and under such Conditions, as may be approved by the Board of Agriculture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 2,000, be granted to the Board of Agriculture, for the Purpose of being distributed by them, in honorary Premiums, to such Owners or Occupiers of Land as shall allot the greatest Quantities of Land among Cottagers this Year, to be planted with Potatoes, in Portions of not more than Three-fourths, nor less than One-fourth, of a Statute Rood.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A Printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed Second Re-to take into Consideration what additional Orders, and what other Regulations, it may be proper to make re- orders' relative to the Proceedings of this House in consequence spefting Ire-of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and to report the fame, together with their'Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as fohoweth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Peer of Ireland, unleis actually elected and l'ery-ingfor any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to l'erve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Peer of Ireland, elected (or w ho shall be elected) to lit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, of who hath, or shall have, voted at such Election, hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to ierve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons, for any Lord of Parliament to concern himself in the Election, or for any Governor of any County in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to avail himself of any Authority derived from his Commission to influence the Election of any Mem- ber to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Report

Report be printed, is shall be fufKcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

BUHor* °n Ordered, That the Ofder of the Day, for the House to granting an resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Annuity to the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain An-

linith.,ney nuity to Captain Sir Sidney , in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

r.ttheqner Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Credit o'fSup- ^ea<^ng of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners plies com- of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on mitted. the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 1 ene to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Pottage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bounties on The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last rfftrorfrom hellion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting America, to " Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, be considered. " Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, " Rye, Oat and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and " Rice," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Bounties thereby granted on the Importation of Wheaten Flour from America.

Bin to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 36th ^Mixed*' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Brewd, or- " An Act to permit Bakers to make and lell certain Sorts

dered. " of Bread," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Bragge „ do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Printed Copy The House being informed, that a Person^ from the w'luSr* Office for the Affairs of Ireland, attended at the Door, delivered In. with a printed Copy of the Statutes of Ireland, to be

5

presented to this House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the same be delivered to the Clerk of this House, and some Place provided for them, convenient for the Use of the Members of this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means deter, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means re ' for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fcrred-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Littiebury Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littiebury, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram- *

fion, the Lord Hervey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Work Inclo-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, sure Petition* Owners of Estates within the Parish of Work, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Work, in the County of Somerset, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, commonly called Work Moor, Worle Drove, Preans Green, and Work Hill, and also several other Open Uninclosed Waste or Common Lands, containing together, by Estimation, 280 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do make the Report cortham from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the feve- RoadaPeti-ral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, tlon,reporte Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickeds Barn, in the Parish of Corfham ,in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton , in the County of Somerset, was referred.

Mr. Dickinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to

Turnpike

4i Geo. III.

24" Febru

Need wood

Forest Inclosure Petition.

Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; — And,

Mr. James Crowds, being'examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed several con-Cderable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged: And the Witncis added, That it is neceflury that the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads,should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Ericker's Barn, in the Parish of in the County of fVilts, to Bath Eajion Bridge, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Dick Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Pent uddocke Wyndham, and Mr. Goddard, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Common of Pasturage, and other Rights and Interests in and upon the Forest or Chale of Needzuood, in the County of Stafford, being

offered to be presented to the House;

Lord Viscount CaJHereagh(by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as. His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is feiled of the said Forest or Chase, containing 9,400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Freeholders and Copyholders within the several Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places, of Barton under

Needzvood, Callingwood, Coton, Dun]}all. Fazvlde,

Hatnpfall- Ridware, Haubury,flood End,

cross. Hound hid, Marchington, Woodlands,

Moreton, Neivborough with Ehomey Lanes,

Scropton, Eatenhill, Eutbury, Stubby Lane, and in

the Counties of Stafford and Derby, or one of them, or their Tenants for the Time being, are entitled (amongst other Rights) to a Right of Common of Pasturage upon the said Forest or Chase for divers Kinds of Cattle throughout the Year; and that the said Forest or Chale, in its present State, yields very little Profit either to His Majesty or to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, or their Tenants, in Comparison of what it might do if the same was divided, allotted, and indofed; and that a Treaty having been let on Foot between the Officers of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaon the Part and Behalf of His Majesty, and the Freeholders and Copy-holders of the said several Towniliips, it hath been proposed and agreed that certain Parts or Shares of the said Forest or Chase shall be set out and allotted to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, in lieu of their Rights and Privileges upon the said Forest or Chase, and that other Parts thereof should be let out and allotted to the Owners of the Tythes arising within the said Forest or Chase in lieu thereof, and that the Residue thereof should remain the absolute Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Severalty, freed and discharged from all Tythes whatsoever; and that such Division Vol. 56.

and Inclosure of the said Forest or Chafe will not only tend to the Benefit of His Majesty and all Persons interested therein, but, by Reason of the Extent of the fame, and the general Richness and Fertility of the Soil, arid its Vicinity to several Populous Towns, will also be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Forest or Chase, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Newbolt, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Mr. and Mr. George Villiers,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the GoJ'portTurnpike Road, at or near in the Pa-

rish of Westmeon,with a Branch from the said Road, on

Corhampton Dozen, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Henry Rose, Mr. Amyatt,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed, in the iCth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, and that some Progrcts has been made in making and repairing the said Roads, but the Powers granted by the said Act have been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and it would be of Advantage to the Public, if the said Act was repealed, and more effectual Powers were given for making and repairing the Roads in the said County} and that the Road through the said County, from the High Bridge of Cree, by Nezvton Douglas and to

Portpatrick, and from thence by Stranrear, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan, being one of the great Communications between England, Scotland, and Ireland, is in bad Repair, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other Powers are given; and that the Laws now subsisting for the making of Roads and building Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectualin the said County of Wigtown to make and maintain the Roads through the same generally, and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution, and it is attended with Difficulty to make effectual, and properly to apply, the Statute Work in the said County; and that a reasonable Composition in Money, in lieu of actual Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more eaiy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance, and it would therefore beof Advantage to the said County of to convert the

Statute Services into Money, and to ascertain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an additional Airefliuent than that at present allowed to be imposed, on the Heritors of Lands, ami other Persons in the said County, for making Highways and Bridges through the same; and therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglas and Glenluce, to Portpatrick, and from thence, by

to the Confines of the County of near the Cairn of Eochryan, and -for levying a Conversion Money in

2 lieu

Bifho;Vs Wal-th?m and Westmeon Road Rill committed.

Wlglowri Roads Petition.

Epfbm and Ewell Roads Bill, committed.

Account of Additions to Public Debt, pi eternal

/p'entiix

(No. 14.)

Report Expiring laws.

lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the f^ia County, with such Powers, and under such Provisions, as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stuart, Mr. A &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epjom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Rugate Turnpike Road, on Borough Heath, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell, See.: And rhey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest of Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13. as required by the 72d Section the said Act; and also of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1801.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Law's are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and areas followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June One " thousand F.ighr hundred, the Duties upon Spirits " distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture " therewith, for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits " from Wheat or Wheat Flour, and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of September One thousand Fight hundred, and better collecting, the Duties " payable on the Importation of Starch," as relates to the reducing and bet ter collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, which was, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, revived, amended, and further continued until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the

Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six " Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of " Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified in such " Order to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral " Ships," which was by Two Acts of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act authorizing " His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from " the Cape of Good Hope," which was by Four Acts, of the 38th, 39th, and 40th Y'ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, " or damaging, Ships or other Velfeis, and in obstructing Seamen, Keel men, Callers, and Ship Carpenters, " from pursuing their lawful Occupations," which was to continue in force until the 24th Day of June 1800, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, continued until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee* being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Three last Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Ad mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by way of Annuities, wras committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolfcd.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, reported.

Bill for granting an Annuity to Sir Sidney Smith, reported«

Sudbury am! Bur)' Saint XdmuntU Bend Bill, predated.

SttbTecross 2nd Homf-cross Road* Petition.

Custom* additional r>u-tir* Bill, deferral.

Mr, Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideratioft of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt ,was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroifed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunburypresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the 2d and I ith Years of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly flood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of ,in the County of

Sussex, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, in the said County, and from Hornscross aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Brickiva House, in the said Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Bcck/y, in the said County, and all'o the Road from Staplecross aforesaid, to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, in the said County, and from thence through the Parillies of Bodiam aforesaid, and in the said County, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Courl'e of Law, and the amending and widening thereof, and keeping the same in Repair, will be of Benefit to the Public, and the Country adjacent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to- bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and llellri&ions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds;

Refulved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain-,

Resolved, That this House will, To-morfow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coniidcrof the Motion, made Yeftprday, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls in;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions,-and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to h Resolution, which they had diretfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be expedient that Bounties, similar to those now payable on the Importation of Corn, Pulse, Flour, and Rice, into Great Britain, should be given on the Importation of the same into Ireland, under such Regulations as may be applicable to the Circumstances of that Country.

A Me flags by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ufiler of the Black llod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Acd agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Dc-fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal At-l'ent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and all'o cm-

povvering

Stamp1; additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Horses additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Committee ort Motion for a Bill for Regulation of the Oflice of Maf-ter of the Rolls in Ireland, deferred.

Committeeorc lrish Militia, Field Otlicers Bill.

Third Report from Committee on Provisions.

Royal A (Tent to a Bill.

8 8 $4° — 250 Februarii. A. 18 o r *

powering His Royal Highness the Prince of His

Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumber-

land, His Royal Highneis the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Lord Walfmgham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent, until " the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight " hundred and One, and from thence to the End of " Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then " next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of " any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the " making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of " Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the ThirtySixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for u permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of " Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the " fame;" and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used, any Meal or Flour of a liner Description than allowed by the said Act.

Ti.ird Report Ordered, That the said Report from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high Price of Pro-c.'omn.itrvc of vilions, be referred to the Consideration of a Com-the ulioie niittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Bill from the Mr. Speaker called the Attention of the House to aiiae*lait* the ingrossed Bill which was brought from the Lords all,c‘ upon Thursday last, with a Message tleliring the Con-

currence of this House thereto.

And the Title of the said Bill having been dated by Mr. Speaker to the House;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Bill be

laid alide.

Rift Hurling A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year and old indofed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Marling, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Sir Thomas Charles See.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee on I'xclu quer JmI.s Bill, on ( red it ot Supplies.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trca-fury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had pone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

PostageDuties Bill, deterred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refo!ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rcdlve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Podage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, " Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, " Oat and Indian Meal, ami Wheaten Flour and Rice," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted on the Importation of Wheaten Flour from America,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 25° die Februarii j

Anno 41" Georgii III14' Regis, 1801. Prayers.

ABIL L to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the " Highways leading to High gate and

" fead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, " in the County of Middlesex, and also to continue, " and render more effectual, an Act to enable the " respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading " to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from " Giles's Pound to Kilbourne,to make a new Road " from the Great Northern Road at to the

" Edgzvare Road near Paddington, so far as the same " is by the said Act directed to be under the Care " and Management of the Trustees of tire said firstmentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the " said new Roac], near Queen s Rczv, to Ba-nigge IVa fir, " and for watching, lighting, and weltering, the said " Roach," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tearing, Mr. Byng, See.: Ami they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Rcfiants of the Towns of Rickmersworth and Uxbridge, and of the Pari fir of Hayes, in the County of Middlesex, and of all the interjacent Country along the Courlc of the Grand Canal,

between the Aqueduct in Botzaeil Field, in the Parish of Hayes, and the Parish of Langley Bury, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in and by an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston,in the County of Northampton,

to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, it is enacted, among other Things, that no Coal or Culm, or Cinder burnt from Coal or Culm, which flrould pals along the then said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any Part thereof, should be conveyed nearer to the City of London than the Mouth of the then intended Tunnel at the said Langley Bury, on such Penalties and Forfeitures as are therein contained; and that the Canal mentioned in the said Act is nearly completed; and that the Mouth of the then intended Tunnel is distant from London Eighteen Miles, or thereabouts; and that the Town of Rickmerfivortk is distant from London Nineteen

Miles,

Committed

relpeiting Bounties oil Importation of f Jour from America, deferred.

Hirrhfnte and Hamprtrid Roiis Bill, committed.

Petition from Rickmerf-worth, &tc. respecting the Conveyance of Coils by the Grand Junction Canal.

Miles, or thereabouts, and is distant from the Mouth of the intended Tunnel Five Mile", or thereabouts} and that the Town of Uxbridge is distant from London Fifteen Miles, or thereabouts, and from Seven Miles, or thereabouts; and that the said Aque-dust, in the Parish of Hayes, is distant from the said intended Tunnel about Twenty Miles, and about Ten Miles from London; and that, from Langley Bury to within a short Distance of the Town of , large

Quarries of Chalk are and may be opened, which Chalk

is burnt into Lime with Coal and Culm, and the Cinder thereof brought from the River Thames at a very heavy Expence, and the Lime is used for the Purposes of Building, and of Agriculture; and that the interjacent Country on or near the Banks of the said Canal is extremely populous, and burthened with the Expence of maintaining a numerous Poor, and is principally supplied with Coals as Fuel from the River Thames; and that, by Reason of the High Price of Coals, as well as of other Necellaries, for a considerable Time past, the Poor of the said Country have been reduced to the greatest Difficulties and Distrell'es; and that Lime has been sold at a high Price, to the great Discouragement of Building and Agriculture; and that, if the Petitioners had Liberty to import Coals and Culm, and the Cinder burnt therefrom, by Means of the said Canal, from the Inland Parts of the Kingdom, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall deem expedient to impose, the fame, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, will greatly conduce to the promoting of Building and of Agriculture of this Country, to the great Convenience and Accommodation of all Ranks of People there inhabiting, and particularly to the Ea(e and Comfort of the buffering Poor: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

l eof Ab- Ordered, That Sir Wharton have Leave to go

"ce‘ into the Country for Six Weeks, on Account of Illness.

Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll have Leave to go the Western Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturges have Leave to go the Western Circuit.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Galway have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Newbolt have Leave to go the Western Circuit.

Hemingford Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook presented to the House, ftrtfenteidB‘U' according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abiotts, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whidey In- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tlosure Peti- thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates in the tion‘ Manor and Township of Whixley, in the County of

York,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor and Township, there are several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, lie very inconvenient for Occupation, and are much intermixed, and, being also subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, are not capable of much Improvement; but, if the same were exonerated from Tythe, and allotted and divided in Severalty* amongst the Owners thereof, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, the fame might be greatly improved t And therefore praying, That Leave V01. 56.

may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the fame, and to exchange their ancient inclosed Land, within the said Manor and Township, and to obtain an Exoneration from the Tythes renewing therefrom, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing,1 allotting, ard inclosing, the Weedontn-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- committed! mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of

Weedon,in the Parish of Hardwicke,in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard,

Sir William Toung, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Most noble George Marquis Petition of Townshend, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, in- against Fo <l-closing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Fjmtndofure Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, 1 Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Fordham, in the County of Cambr and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the several Manors of Soham and Fordham, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, apd of Nether hall Wygonwithin ihe Pa-

rishes of Soham and Fordham, in the said County of

Cambridge, and is also seised or pofl'effect of several Farms, Lands, and Premises, and entitled to an ex-tcnfive Right of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Feed for Sheep, within the said Parish of Fordham, arid is also entitled to divers Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Fordham; and, that if the said Bill should, in its present Form, pass into a Law, it will be injurious to the Estates, Rights, and Interests, belonging to the Petitioner within the said Parish of Fordham: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, and that he may be heard, by his Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affetft the Estates, Rights, and Interests, of the Petitioner, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the Houie shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming have Leave to teare of Ab-stay in the Country for Three Weeks, on Account of fence‘ his Health.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, fepbrted from the Committee of the whole House, to whorii the Bill for rtpomfL ' increasing the Number of Field Officers of the feVeiil Regiments of Militia in Ireland, was committed* the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report tb the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendrtient, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the T*hird Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in* grofled.

ft

Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erjkitie have ave of Absence for Six Weeks, he being on His Majesty's Service in the County of Fife.

A a

9°

250 Februarii.

A. i So i.

Exchequer Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from Bins Bi'l on tjje Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pli^t'eported. tenable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty 's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Poftofficein Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Poll; Of-Scotimd, or- fice General in Scotland, for the Years ending the 5th ttered‘ April 1798, the 5th April 1799, and the 5th April 1800; distinguishing each Year.

® rL!n "'‘eve A Motion Was made, and the Question being propo-fons'Vrom the Jetlj That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for relieving Poor Rates, certain Persons from the Payment of the Poor Rates, ordered. and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

for he ] 49-

Teller.for the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited: And that Lord William Ruffe//and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill forraifing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

aSum by An- Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for raising the Sum nmties,paue. of Twenty-eight Millions, by way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering the Lords of the Treasury to transrtiit £.2,000,000 to Ireland.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. I2 }To leave out " for Great Britain."

&I3-3

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by way of Annuities. . *

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the 1 Lords, and desire tjieir Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill forgnnt-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to enable His Ma- A"-

jesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Sidney Smith, Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which lie has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, NemineCcniradieente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House commi.ttfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, iumntie^on to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Importation lion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting America!11 " Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye,

" OSts, Peale, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley,

" Rye, Oat and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour anti " Rice," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted on the Importation of Wheaten Flour from be now

reach

And the Uriel Order being read accordingly;

The Ilouie resolved itielf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will pleal'c to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lord William Ruffed presented to the House, according Bill to relieve to Order, a Bill for relieving certain Persons from the the

Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Poor Rites, Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited: And P‘elcnte‘1* the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iftuc his Warrant to Downpatrick the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new "m*

Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Downpatrick, in the County of Dover.,in the room of C/olworthy Rowley,

Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Compensations in Ireland.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Bill to amend Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 36th Year Mixed of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Bread, preAct to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts fcmed*

" of Bread And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Xime Tomorrow Morning.

o

Mr. William Eliot, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, fbewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Admiralty Office, in the Year 1800: And also.

An

Accounts

presented.

Increase or Diminution of Salaries, &c. in Adini* ralty Office,

41 Geo. III.' 25° — 2 6" F91

Nary Office.

Victualling

Office.

Office for Sick and Wounded.

Transport

Office.

Public Expend iture.

Victualling

Office.

Office for Sick and Wounded.

Naval Services.

Barrack, See. Expenctfk of Marines.

Appendix

(No. Ij.)

An Account, shewing what Iriftcafe or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Navy Office, in the Year 1800: And also,

An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Victualling Office, for the Year 1800: And also,

An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, for the Year 1800: And also,

An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Department for Prisoners of War in the Transport Office, in the Year 1800: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Monies received from the Exchequer between 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Services to which the same have been applied, in the Department of the Victualling Office: And also.

An Account, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for the Service of the Office of Sick and Wounded Seamen, between the 5th January x 800 and the 5th January 1801: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies received from His Majesty's Exchequer for Naval Services, between 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1801 j distinguishing the Services to which the same have been applied: And also.

An Account of the contingent Barrack and Infirmary Expences of the Three Divisions of Marines between the rft of January and 31st of December 1800.

Together with Lifts of the said Accounts.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Four last of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Five first are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Marine Muti- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ny Bill,or- the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while

cre on Shore: And that Mr. William Eliot, Sir Ste-

phens, and Mr. Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Paper, Print- Resolved, That this House. will, upon Friday Morning

T^Dut'ies* nex*» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole bS,deferrwl. House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into. Great Britain; on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into. Great Britain from Ireland-, and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.

Ways and Resolved, That this Elcufe will, upon Friday Morning

fcned'de next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

" ‘ House, to consider further of W ays and Means for

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply,de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

{erred. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 Committeepn Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

jj^surch." consider of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for reducing, until the First Day of June One thousand " Eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilled " from Melafl'es or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for " prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or " Wheat Flour, and for reducing, until the Twentieth Vot. 56.

" Day of September Orte thousand Eight hundred, and " better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Stamps resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tlonai Duties upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional ®ll*> defei-red* Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Infurauces, and on certain indentures, Leases,

Bonds, or other Deeds.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Horseg resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tional Duties the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Bill,deferred. Duties on Horses in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, p0(hge Duties resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill, deterred, the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 26° die;

Anno 410 Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A Petition of William Dyke, Thomas Cor field, and John Ticklerton Corfield, Gentlemen, Owners of certain Lands and Tenements in the Township of Tickler ten, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc certain Commons, or Tracts of Open Waste Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, within the said Township, called or known by the Name of Haywood and Soud/ey Commons, and containing together upwards of 300 Acres of Land, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and ail others interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the fame, in such Manner as the House shall think, proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bur don. Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Powell,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Corfham Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and R -,s Bill» enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 13th Preftnted-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of,

in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eafion Bridge, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Cirencester thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Road from tion.* *°" Qtrencefier, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in

the

2 6° Februarii.

A. 1801.

the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and Tead; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from , in the County of Gloucester, to Crickladein the County of , and

that another Act was passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act) agd that the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed l'everal considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, but the said Road cannot be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the said Money be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and that the Road leading from a Place near the Wharf at , in the said County of Wilts, to a certain Place called The Town Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in Cricklade aforesaid, is much out of Repair, and cannot be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; but, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said. recited Acts, it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Persons passing along the fame, or residing near thereto, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Philip Metcalfe, Sir William EJford, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Weippert'* Sir William Elford presented to the House, according

failed. to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Erhardt Weip-pert: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee appointed to consider of promulgating Statutes.

Ordered, That a Scleft Committee be appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the United Kingdom throughout all Parts of Great Britain and Ireland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

Apd a Committee was appointed accordingly, of Mr. Abbot, Lord Viscount CeifUereagf, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Beresford, Mr. William Duttdas, Mr. Trench, Mr.

Rragge, Mr. Alexander, Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. Knox, Mr. Mapvwaring, Sir John Parnell, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Shaw Lefevre: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber i and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 5th Day of December 1796, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, be referred to the fiiid Committee.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Richard Ryder have Leave to go the

tence. Oxford Circuit.

Report of 1796, referred.

Biti to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

hv~M7y.cdk* Keadin§ of the Bld to amend an Act, made in the 36th Bit-jd, com- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

mitted.

" An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain " Sorts of Bread," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ‘

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,-That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat,

" Barley, Rye, Oats, Pcafe, Beans, and Indian Corn,

" and of Barley, Rye, Oat and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted on the Importation of Wheaten Flour from America.

Mr. Ryder accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Rdblutions which the Committee had di-rested to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 1 able: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz, »

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Superfine Wheaten Flour, of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 12th Day of November 1800 and the iotli Day of Jamuny 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Eighty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Fine Wheaten Flour, of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 12th Day of Novem 1 Soo and the 10th Day of January 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour lo fold shall be less than Seventy-eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Superfine Wheaten Flour, of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 10th Day of January 1801 and the 25th Day of March 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Ninety Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Fine Flour, of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 10th Day of January and the 25th Day of March 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Eighty-eight Shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, Mr.

Long,

Report relating Bounties on Importation ct F.cur treat America.

Exchequer Bills Bill on Credit of Supplies, paired*

Irish

Field OtEcer* Bill, passed.

Committee on

Motion for a Bill for Regulation of the Office of Matter of the Rolls in Ireland*

Instruction.

Committee on

Expiring Law reipcfting Starch*

41 Geo. III. 20 — 270 . 93

Long, and Mr. Braggs, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to blue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A<fl to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount CaJUereagh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Monday last. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of the present Income of the Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, and of making an adequate Compensation to the Person who shall, at any Time hereafter, be appointed to the said Office, under any new Regulations that may be established for the fame.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-re»5led him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June " One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits dillilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture " therewith, for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits " from Wheat or Wheat Flour, and for reducing, un« " til the Twentieth Day of September One thousand " Eight hundred, and better collecting, the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 56.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take second Re-into further Confederation the Report which, upon committee on Monday last, was made from the Committee, appointed Orders re-to take into Confederation what additional Orders, and ' funi"er what other Regulations, it may be proper to make re- considered." lative to the Proceedings of this House, in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Customsading next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- ferred. ' tain Duties of Culloms on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Stamps addi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bilk deferred, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases,

Bonds, or other Deeds.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Horses addl-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BU^deferred. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Posa>reDure solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de'

upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verieris, 270 die Februarii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, i3oi.

Prayers.

MR. Francis John Browne presented to the House, Sheer according to Order, a Bill for more effectually shdftefbury iamending, widening, improving, and keeping in Re- Roads Bill, pair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet in Presentedi the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of

Wilts, through the Towns of ShafteJ Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of and Somerset

to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftefoury and Sherborne aforesaid: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Francis John Browne presented to the House, Turn wood according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and BW^preifent-inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common ed. '

Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood, otherwise Furnworth, in the County of Dorset,

B b and

94

17° Februdrii.

A. 1801.

and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish: And the same was received; and re.ad the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

B&rford Road A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-Bili, commit- larging the Powers, of Two Acts, paired in the 26th u<1' Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand-and-Post in Upton in the Parish of

Burford, in the County of > to a Place in the Parish of Prejion, in the County of called

Dancy's Fancy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Fane, Mr Peters,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamben

koyfton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ate

jjondsPetl" thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing the Roads from Royjion> in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway, at or near West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions, and separate Districts, of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, comprized in the District or Division therein described The South District or Division, owing to the Difficulty and Expence of procuring Materials, and the Insufficiency of the Tolls taken thereon, are now in a very ruinous and decayed State and Condition, insomuch that the Inhabitants of several of the Parishes through which the said Roads pass have been indicted, and are now under Prosecutions, for the bad Repair thereof, in their respective Parishes, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing on the Credit of the Tolls discharged, without the Tolls are encreased, and it is expedient that the said Act should be continued and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Adeane, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kinfare in- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain elofure Bill, Commons or Waste Lands, called Stotirion Common, Great

committed. Checkhill, and Little Checkhill, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord -Mile Leveson Gower, Six John IVrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tiverton A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the

Roads Bill, Powers, of Two Acts, paired in the 31st Year of the

committed. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Richard Ryder, Mr. Bragge, &c. -.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

7

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Wrexham and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executingTwo petition.03 Acts, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin and Denbigh, ail in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 3id Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mold to the Tow n of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-\-Cafn and Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, and the Town and Port of RhydJlan, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, whereby the said Roads were divided into several Divisions, and one, being the Road from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, was called The Third Division of Roads; and that another Act was passed in the aoth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same related to the said Third Division; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said Third Division have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Division of Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as the same relates thereto, is continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and that the Road or Roads leading from the said Town of"

Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from to

at or near a certain House or Place called Cernioge-Mawr, in the Parish of Liar.ufydd, in the said County of Denbigh, is and are very much out of Repair, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and it will be a great Accommodation to all Persons living near, or having Occasion to pals along, the said Road or Roads, if the same were made Turnpike and Part of the said Third District: or Division of Roads, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the said District or Division: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jones, Sir Charles Morgan,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, ar Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Brogden presented to the House, according to Launcffton Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceflon, in the County of Cornwall-, and also for ex-

tending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the West Gate, under in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate, in the same Borough: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are Stratford and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Ro^1sfpct;_ Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of Ins late tion. Majesty, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County of Warwick,

4i Geo. III. 2i° Februarii. — 2 95

wick, through Alcester, in the said County, and

ham, to a Place called in the County of

Worcester, and from Alcefl through Great Cough ton and

Crab's Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Newell Lane and Burcotl to the Cross of Hands, on'a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and to in the said County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; "Setting forth, That great Prog refs has been made in Repair of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Refactions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Granville

Lcvefon Gower, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rugby koad A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-Petltioa. holders, of the Counties of Warwick and was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, through the Parishes of Rugby and Clifton on Dunfmore, in the said County, and through the Parishes of Calthorpe, Swi Stanford on Avon, South

Kilworth, and North Kilworth, in the county of,

to the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harbor ough, in the said County, is in bad Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Courl'e of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cra-dock Hartopp, See.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Peterborough Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Roads Bill, enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th

toumutted. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and ,to

Wellingborough, in the County of and for

repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolbeti, Mr. Branifton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wamirworfh A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition &C* thereunto subscribed, -on Behalf of themselves and '1 l°n' others. Owners of Estates or Inhabitants in or near the several Places herein after mentioned, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting VOL. 56.

forth. That, by Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, it appears a Railway may be made for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages from, or from near, a Place called Ram Field, in the Parish of Wanfdworth, to, or near to, a Place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, and a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, from, or from near, Mitcham Common, to, or near to, a Place called Hack Bridge, in the Parish of Carshalton, and also that a Dock or Bason for Barges and other Vessels, with a Lock, Cuts, and other Works, may be made from the said Railway, at or near Ram Field aforesaid, into Wandsworth C, which will form

a Communication with the River Thames, in the said Parish of Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey; and that the making of such Railway and other Works will be of very great Advantage to several considerable Manufactories established in the Neighbourhood of, and to the Inhabitants of many Towns and Places, and of a very populous Country lying on, or near to, the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance of Coals, Corn, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Metropolis and other Places: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Railway and other Works, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Rujfe/l, Sir John Frederick, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre have Leave of Leave of Ab-Absence for a Week, to attend the Assizes at fence*

chester.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That Mr. William Egerton have Leave of Absence till Wednesday next, on urgent private Business.

Ana the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 20 die Martii;

Anno 41® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

fjfOHN Erkardt Weipperttook the Oaths appointed, Weippcrt

J in order to his Naturalization. Sworn.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bridgwater thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two i>etl" Acts for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for amending several Roads from the Cities of Gloucester and and

several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester; and that another Act was passed, in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of the said Act as relates to the Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater;

and,

2° Martiu

Wjrthel Florey Inclo-fore Petition.

Paper, Printed Stuff*, and Tea Duties Bill, deferred.

Instruction to turn the Bill into Two.

and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the Care of the said Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, have proceeded to put the same into Execution with relped to those Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair* unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and it is expedient that the said Trustees should be discharged from the future Management, Support, and Repair, of that Part of the said Road which leads from a Place called The

Three CroJJes,in the Parish of Bridgwater (being near a Place more commonly known by the Name of Geafe Pit, in the said Parish) to the House commonly known by the Name of The Crown, in Spaxton, in the said County of Somerset, and that the same should cease to be Part of the Roads included under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, it having been found to be detrimental to the Income of the said Turnpike; and it is also expedient that Power should be given to the said Trustees to purchase and take down a certain Building called a Stable, situate in the Parish of North Petherton, in the said County of Somerset, belonging to, and in the Occupation of, Ann Coombs, Widow, for the Improvement of the said Roads, and likewise to purchase Part of a Plot of Ground adjoining the said Road in the said Parish of North Petherton, lately set or planted with Thorns, under Pretence of calling it a Nursery, now in the Occupation of one Richard- King, being the Property of him, or one Ann Hock, of the same Parish, Spinster: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gore Lang-

ton. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Berfons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Withiel Florey, otherwise Florey, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, containing together, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and it will be of great Benefit and Advantage, to all Persons interested, if the same were properly divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will,'upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into, Great;

on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Great Britain from Ireland; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

A. 1801.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties ol Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain,on Pepper exported from

Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow' Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, PronriHory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on horses in Gr Britain.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tile Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Poll-age in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

Resolved, That this I loufc will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Simpfonhave Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on Account of the lllnel's of a near Relation.

Ordered, That the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of the 1'opr Rates, and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cales, for a Time to be limited, be read a Second Time upon Morning

next.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Stuart have Leave of Ab-fencefora Month, on account of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane have Leave of Absence for a Week, to attend the Assizes at Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. IVigley have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit.

Ordered,

Customi additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Stamps additional Duties Bill, deterred.

Horses additional Duties Bill, deterred.

Foliage Dutiet Bill, deterred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Leave of Able nee.

Bill to relieve certain Periotic from the Poor Rates, deterred.

Committee on Second Report on Provihons.

Supply deferred.

Leave of Ab-

Icnec.

4i Geo. III.

2° Martii.

97

ii

h.

(ie.

Ordered, That Mr. Noel have Leave of Absence for a An Account of the Corporation for preserving and Fortnight, on account of the Illness of a near Relation. improving the Port and Harbour of Dublin, for One

Year, ending the 24th Day of June 1800: And also, Ordrrfor The House was moved, That the Order, made upon . An Account of all Monies collected, received, and

Committee on t[ic 2oth Day of February lad, for appointing a Com- distmrfcd, by the Directors and Commissioners for pav-offices in Ire- mjUee tQ enqujre what Offices or Places of Profit under ing> cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of from the Crown in Ireland are held by Members of this the 26thDay of 1799 to the 25th Day of

Offices in Ireland held by Members, dif-c barged.

to

Address for Account of Offices in Ireland held by Members.

o

in

IIB

Tt£.

House; and to report the same to the House: distinguishing which of such Offices or Places are held during l'leasure, or are granted in Jieversion, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of such Places and Offices of Profit under the Crown in Ireland, as are actually held by Members of this House.

1800: And also,

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of all Monies raised or received by an Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, by the Dublin Society, from the 1 ft Day of June 1799 to the ill Day of June 1800, inclusive: And also,

The Account of the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament to the Trustees of the First Fruits, for building and re-building Churches, and for building Glebe Houses, from Session 1791 toSession 1797, inclusive; as also the Balance or Inlupers on the Account

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His ending 179° — <exhibited by Henry Upton, Esquire, Se- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His cretary: And also,

Committee on Third Report cn Provisions, deferred.

Bill to amend Act for making Mixed Bread, deferred.

Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolvcitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

ResolvedThat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

The Account of Robert Reeves, Esquire, Solicitor for Forfeited Estates, for Expence of the Bill of Attainder against Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagnel Harvey, from the ill Day of August 1798 to the 1 ft Day o{ August 1800: And also.

The Account of the Governors of the Foundling Hof pital, for One Year, ending the 24th Day of June 1800: And also,

The Account of the Governors or Directors of the Weshnorland Lock Hof pital, for One Year, from the 25 th Day of March 1798 to the 24th Day of March 1799: And also,

„ 1 , r , The Account of the Governors or Directors of the

(be Bill to amend an Act, made in the 36th Year of the frilm„lmld £„* for One Year, from the 25th

Reign of His present Majesty, intit uled. " An Act to D/ of i7„ to the 24th Day of March 1800:

permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of

Marine Mutiny BiJJ, pre-frnted.

" Bread.

Mr. William Eliot presented to the House, according to Order, a BiJJ for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mutiny Bill, Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Or-ptetented. tier, a Bill for punifihing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, Tomorrow Morning.

Report ard Accounts rc« spetfwg Ireland, pre-itDttd.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh presented to the House,

pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of the Parliament of Irela?id,

The Twenty-fifth Report of the Commissioners of Account in Ireland: And aJJo,

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Commissioners of Accounts for One Year, ending

the 25th Day of December 1800: And also.

Day And also,

The Account of the Governors of the House of Industry, for One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1800: And also.

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of Alderman William Alexander, Superintendant Magistrate, for Six Months, ending the 24th Day of June 1800: And also.

The Account of the Governors of Patrick's Hospital for the Year ending the 24th June 1800: And also.

The Account of the Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children, for One Year, to the 31st Day of March 1800.

And the Titles of the said Report and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pc'ruled by the Members of the House.

The said Report, and the First of the Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume; and the remaining Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon the 23d Day of February last,

The Account of the Corporation for preserving and That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Re

improving the Port and Harbour of Be/fafi, from the 2 eth Day of March 1790 to the 2 c th Day of March 1800: And also.

The Seventh Account of Money expended by the River Boyne Company, in carrying on the Boyne Naviga

gulation of the Office of Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, and who were instructed to consider of the present income of the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, and of making an adequate Compensation to the Person who shall, at any Time hereafter, be appointed to the said Office,

tion, from the 20th Day of Hpril 1795 to the 27th Day under any new Regulations that may be established for

of December 1797: And also.

The Account of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic College, from the 25th Day of March 1799 to the 25th Day of March 1800: And also.

The Account of EdreardSankey, Esquire, Directorof the Public Coal Yards of Dublin, for One Year, ending the 24th Day of June 1800: And also,

VOL. 56.

the fame, be now received.

Air. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

C c That

Appendix

(No. 16.)

Report re-

spefring the Office of Maf* ter of the RolU in Ireland.

98 2° MaA. 1801.

That His Majesty should be empowered to give to the tween certain Periods: And the same was received; and Office of Mailer of the Rolls, in that Part of the United read the First Time.

Kingdom called Ireland, certain judicial Powers exercised That the Bill be read a Second Time,

by the Court of Chancery of Ireland, and by the Lord Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time High Chancellor of Ireland, and to grant the said Office Tomorrow Morning, during the good Behaviour of the Person holding the fame. The House being informed that Mr. from the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and That in such same there be issued and paid, out of the at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Consolidated Fund of that Part of the United Kingdom Address to His Majesty,

called Ireland, such an Augmentation of the present Sa- An Account, Chewing how the Monies given for the lary and Profits of the Office of Matter of the Rolls as Service of the Year 1800 have been disposed of, distin-will make up the Annual Sum of Three Thousand Five guished under their several Heads.

Hundred Pounds. And then he withdrew.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second And the Title of the said Account was read.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

agreed to by the House. Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re- Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said solutions: And that Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Beres- the Members of the House.

Jjtrd,do prepare, and bring in, the fame. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Report on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

refrfV8 Law whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from Starch.ing Aft, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing, at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-" until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hun- fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

" dred, the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses An Account of the Quantities of Coals Chipped from " or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for prohibiting the Ports of , St. Davids, Dyfart,

" the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat and from 179010 1801; distinguishing

" Flour, and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of the Amount in each Year, and the Product of each " September One thousand Eight hundred, and better Place respectively; and distinguishing also those font " collecting, the Duties payable on the Importation of to Foreign Countries, to London, and Coastways to any " Starch," be now received. other Part of Great Britain.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- And then he withdrew,

mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had di- And the Title of the said Account was read,

rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Table: Where the same was read j and is as follow- The said Account is preserved amongst the other eth; viz. Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the 39th. and 40th The House being informed that Mr. Church, from the Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Poll Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; " An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June One and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their " thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits Order,

" distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture there- An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the " with, for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Poll Office General in Scotland, for the Ycarscnding the " Wheat or Wheat Flour, and for reducing, until the 5th 1798, the 5th April 1799, and the 5th April

" Twentieth Day of September One thousand Eight 1800.

" hundred, and better collecting, the Duties payable on And then he withdrew.

" the Importation of Starch," as relates to the reducing And the Title of the said Account was read,

and better collecting the Duties payable on the Impor- Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

tation of Starch, which was by the Act of the last Sef- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. fion of Parliament revived, amended, and further con- The said Account is preserved amongst the other tinued, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Papers of this Session.

Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament,

is near expiring, and fit to be continued. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, thereunto fubteribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the in the County of and of the several Parishes

House. and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented

ioftraction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or leading from to by in the

Bills, pursuant to the Three last of the Resolutions which, County of Kent, through the several Parishes of Charlton upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee next Dovor, Buckland next Dovor, River, Ewell, other-appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- wife 'Temple Ewell, Whitfield, otherwise Beausfield, -piring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, Tilmanfione, Eafiry, Woodnesborough

to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, con- otherwise Winjborough, Word otherwise Worth, and Saint tinued, or made perpetual, and were then agreed to by and Saint Peter the Apostle, in Sandivich, is the

the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, old and direct Road, has long been notoriously bad and or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution much out of Repair, in many Places narrow, circuitous, now reported, and agreed to by the House. and incommodious, and by reason of many sudden

Turnings, and of the Number of Carriages and Travellers American Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to daily passing and re-passing thereon, in many Parts very

'Order, a Bill for increasin^ the Bounties granted by an ruinous and unsafe, and the Inhabitants of the said leve-lu.ente . of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported ral Parishes have not the Means of amending the lame,

from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out be- although they have yearly and regularly performed their 'O- Statute

Account of Disposition of Grants, pre-fcnicJ.

Appendix

(No. 17.)

Account of Coals shipped at Alloa, &c» presented.

Account of

Produce of the Pott Office in Scotland, pre-iented.

Dovor and Sandwich Roads Petition.

Tadcaster and Ocley Road Bill, reported*

Carmarthen Roads Petition, reported.

41 Geo. III. a0 Martii.

Statute Duty on the said Road; and that the Improvement of the said Road will be of great public Utility and Convenience, and is particularly necessary to the Trade of that Part of the Country, both for the Transport of Timber and of Corn, Dovor being a Port of extensive Trade in the Line of Ship Building, and wherein a very principal Part of the Boats of the Royal Navy have been accustomed to be built, and there being not less than Eleven Miles in the Distance of Three Miles on a Stream running to Dovor, and the Public, particularly the Farmers, Boat Builders, and Millers, from the Badness of the Roads not being able to draw their very necessary Articles from that Part of the Country but on the most disadvantageous Terms; and that a great Part of the present Road might be very considerably widened, altered, and improved, so as to make it safe and commodious to Carriages and Passengers, and considerable and advantageous newr Lines of Road might be formed, instead of several Parts of the present Road through the Parishes aforesaid, and through a certain Extra Parochial Place called Saint Bartholomew and Saint Mary the Virgin, in Sandwich, and thereby several sudden

Turnings and narrow Places would be avoided, and the Distance of the Road from Dovor to by

derjhare, considerably shortened and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John Honywood,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of cajier, through Collingham, , and

Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; '1 hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be ingrafted.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the $2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of lofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Towey to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and several other Roads therein

mentioned, in the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Been complied wfith; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-Vol. 56.

terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Clark, being examined, said. That the Road

leading from the said Road at the East End of the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen to the Village of Llanda at or near the East End of Carmarthen Bridge, and several other Roads described in the Petition, are in many Places narrow and incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law: And it is proposed to put the said Roads under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by the before mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen: And that Sir Robert Buxton and Sir James Hamlyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Surrey and from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkin-Jon's Gun Wharf,in the Parish of Mary at Rather- mitted.

hit he, in the County of Surrey, to the Parish and Town of Epsom, in the said County, and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Lord William RuJJ'ell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Hemingford and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Joramitte^'11' Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abbotts, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Corfham enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Roads.Bi1'-13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King commiUe ' George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Corfham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Philip Metcalfe, Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitions thereunto subscribed, Mortgageesof the Tolls authorized whuffor4"

to be collected by the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Bur- Road Bill: gestes, of the Town of Maidenhead,in the County of Mortgagees of Berks, by virtue of an Act, for building a Bridge over l*Je.TolIs the River Thames, near the said Town, on Behalf of them- Bridge! selves, and others, was presented to the House, and read}

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County ‘

of Berks, intq the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middle-fex\ and Setting forth. That in the Year 1772, in order to improve the Communication between London and Maidenhead, and other Places on the old Bath Road, an Act passed to empower the said Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses, to build a Stone Bridge across the River Thames, near Maidenhead, for the Purposes of which a large Sum of Money was borrowed, £. 18,500

IOO

2' Martii. A. 1801.

of which now remains due and unpaid to the Petitioners, and others, which Money was advanced and lent on Mortgage of the Tolls authorized by the said Act; to be collected; and the Petitioners conceive, that though the present Communication between London and New for is very commodious, yet, as the new Road proposed to be made will be shorter, it would, from that and other Circumstances, and particularly if such Plan should, as it might, by the Trustees, be rendered less expensive in point of Tolls, hold out an Inducement to Travellers to quit the old Bath Road, through,

and Colnbrook; and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it is intended, as soon as the new Road, authorized thereby, shall be made, to apply to Parliament for an Act to make another Road from through

fVindfor Forest, to join the old Bath Road, near for which Admeasurements have been already made, and Levels taken, and which will consequently produce the Effect of diverting and turning the Traffic on the ancient Bath Road through fVindfor, instead of Hare-

hat eh, Town of Maidenhead, Salthill, Slough, and Colnbrook; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, for the Reasons above dated, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands, their Security would be lessened, and the Tolls rendered inadequate to answer the several Purposes of the Act, and discharge the Interest of the Principal Money due to the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

inhabitants of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Maidenhead, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Maidenhead, through which the antient Bath Road to London pafies, was also presented to the House, and read; Like-wife taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors, Owners, or Renters of Houses and other Property (ituatein, or adjoining to, the ancient Bath Road to London, between the Town of ing and Longford, in the County of Middlesex, and in consequence thereof have been at considerable Expences in the Purchase of divers Estates, and in Erections and Buildings for the Accommodation of the Public travelling and using the said old Bath Road, and for the consequent Traffic thereon; and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe it to be true, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it is intended to apply to Parliament for an Act to make another Road from fVindfor, through fVindfor Forest, to join the old Bath Road near Reading, for which Admeasurements have been already made, and Levels taken, and which will consequently produce the Effect of diverting and turning the Traffic and Travelling on the ancient Bath Road through fVindfor, instead of Twyford, Harehatch, Town of Maidenhead, Salthill, , and Colnbrook, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Petitioners; and that the present Communication between London and New fVindfor, is very commodious, yet, as the Road now proposed by the said Bill will be much nearer, it probably would, from that and other Circumstances, and particularly as the Trustees might, by the Reduction of the Tolls to be paid for passing on and over the said new Road, hold out an Inducement to Travellers to go by the said proposed Road, instead of the said ancient Bath Road, through Colnbrook, Maidenhead, and the said other Places, and the Adoption of such proposed Plan would prove a serious Injury to the Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill to pass into a Law as it now (lands; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the fame.

Mayor, A Petition of the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Bur-

fJnSkof Se^cs> c*ie down of Maidenhead, in the County of Maidenhead. Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; Like-

wife taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth.

That in the Year 1772, in order to improve the Communication between London and Maidenhead, and other Places on the old Bath Road, an Act passed to empower the Petitioners to build a Stone Bridge, across the River Thames, near Maidenhead, of which Bridge the Petitioners are the foie Owners and Proprietors, and as such entitled to receive and take certain Tolls payable at the said Bridge; and that the Petitioners, in order to enable them to complete the said Bridge, did by virtue of the said Act borrow of different Persons a large Sum of Money, of which £. 18,500 now remains due, with Interest at £. 5 per Centum; and the Petitioners conceive that though the present Communication between London and New fVindfor is very commodious, yet, as the new Road proposed to be made will be shorter, it would, from that and other Circumstances, and particularly if the said Road should, as it might by the Trustees, be rendered less expensive in point of Tolls, hold out an Inducement to Travellers to quit the old Road, through Maidenhead, Salthill, and Colnbrook, whereby the Tolls of the said Bridge would be very materially diminished, and the Security to the Creditors lessened, and rendered inadequate to the Purposes for which such ToIls were authorized to be collected; and that the Petitioners are at a heavy and continual Expence in raising, keeping up, and securing the Foundation, gravelling, and other necessary Repairs, to the said Bridge, so that the present Tolls may be rendered inadequate to answer the several Purposes of the Ad, and to discharge the Interest on the Money so due thereon; and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe it to be true, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as soon as the new Road authorized thereby shall be made, it is intended to apply to Parliament for an Act to make another Road from fVindfor, through fVindfor Forest, to join the old Bath Road near Reading, for which Admeasurements have been already made, and Levels taken, and which will consequently produce the Effect of diverting and turning the Travelling and Traffic on the ancient Bath Road, through ffrindfor, instead of Twyford, Harehatch, Town of Maidenhead, Salthill, Slough, and Colnbrook, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Petitioners as Owners and Proprietors of the Tolls payable at Maidenhead Bridge, as well as to the Creditors of the said Tolls: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill, as it now (lands, to pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees of the First District of the Trustees of thr Turnpike Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and MaldenheS from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Bridge to Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Rtadinfr taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, in the Year 1783, in order to improve the Communication between London and Reading on the old Bath Road, and between London and Henley, and other Places, an Act passed to enable the Petitioners to repair, widen, alter, and keep in Repair, the said First District, videlicet, the Turnpike Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to the late Falcon Inn, called The Fleece Inn, or Folly, and from thence to the Thirty-three Mile Stone towards Readingf and from the said Inn or Folly to the Twenty-nine Mile Stone towards Henley, and the Petitioners cau(ed a Toll

Gate to be erected across the said Road near Maidenhead Bridge, in order to collect certain Tolls authorized by the said Act, which were vested in the Petitioners as Trustees of the said Turnpike; and that the Petitioners, in order to enable them to repair, widen, alter, and keep the said Roads in Repair, did, by virtue of the said Act, borrow a large Sum of Money, of which the Sum of £. 1,300 remains due, with Interest at £. 5 per Centum, chargeable on the Tolls to becolleded by virtue of the said Act; and the Petitioners conceive that the present Communication between London and New fVindfor is

very

very commodious, yet, as the new Hoad proposed to be made will be (Tiorter, it woutd, from that and other Circumstances, and particularly if the said proposed Road should, as it might, by the Trustees, be rendered lefsexpen-five in point of T ol Is, hold out an Inducement toTravellers to quit the old Road through Maidenhead, Sailhi!l, Slough, and Colnbrook, whereby the Tolls of the said Turnpike would be very materially diminished, and the Security to the Mortgagee lessened, and rendered inadequate to the Purposes for which such Tolls were authorized to be collected; and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe it to be true, that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law as it now Rands, as soon as the new Road authorized thereby should be made, it is intended to apply to Parliament for an Act to make another Road from Windsor, through to join the old Bath Road near Reading, for which Admeasurements have been already made, and Levels taken, and which will consequentl.y produce the Effect of diverting and turning the Travelling and Traffic on the ancient Bath Road, through Windsor instead of Hare/iatch,

Town of Maidenhead, Slough, and Colnbrook, to

the great Lois and Detriment of the Petitioners as Owners and Proprietors of the Tolls payable to the Petitioners for the Purposes authorized by the said Act, as well as to the Mortgagee of such Tolls; and that the Petitioners are at a heavy and continual Expence in repairing, widening, altering, railing, gravelling, and keeping in Repair, the said Turnpike Roads; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the present Tolls might be rendered inadequate to answer the several Purposes of the Act, and discharge the Interest of the Money so due thereon: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Caleinto Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill to pass into a Law as it now stands; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun-fcl, or Agents, against the faine.

Mr. Ay«rft. A Petition of the Reverend Robert Gwtfley Ayerjl, of

Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, Clerk, a Mortgagee of the Tolls of the First District of the Turnpike Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That by several Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, the Trustees were empowered to raise a Sum of Money, by way of Mortgage of the Tolls, in their respective Dtftrifts, and that the Petitioner hath advanced the Sum of £. 1,300 upon the Security of the Tolls of the said First District, viz the Turnpike Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to the late Falcon Inn, called The Fleece Inn or Folly, and from thence to the Thirty-three Mile Stone towards Reading, and from the said Inn or Folly to the Twenty-nine Mile Stone towards Henley, and that the said Sum of 1,300' is Hill due to the Petitioner; and he has been informed, and believes, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it is intended, as soon as the new Road, authorized thereby, shall be made, to apply to Parliament for an Act to make anothef Road from IVindfthrough Windsor Forest, to join the old Bath Road near Reading, for which Admeasurements have been already made, and Levels taken, and which will confcqucnrly produce the Effect of diverting and turning the Travelling and Traffic on the ancient Bath Road through Windsor instead of Harehatch, Town of Maidenhead, Salthill, Slough, and Colnbrook; and that the Petitioner is therefore apprehen-live, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, his Security for the said Sum of £. 1,300 will be materially prejudiced: And therefore praying, That the House will take his same into Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill to pass into a Law as it now stands; and Yol, 56.

that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, ot Agents, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally1 ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their.

Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnflruc'tion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other tion>

Owners of Estates in the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 1,100 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several ^Properties of the Owners of the said Open Fields lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, if the fame, together with the said Commons and Waste Lands, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their several and respective Hights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incicfing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem-meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AjUey and Sir Robert Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Kingston or Borough of Kingston upon Hull was presented to the "non Hul' House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of DockFetition. Kingston upon Hull is very large and populous, and a Place of contiderable Trade; and that, from the great Increase of Inhabitants, and of the Trade and Commerce thereof, the Market Place of the said Town hath become too small, and the Streets, called The Butchery and Queen Street, near and leading to the said Market Piace, are very narrow and incommodious; and that the Landing Places or Wharfs, used for the Ferry Boats and Market Boats belonging to the same Town, and for others resorting thither, are in a very inconvenient Situation, and from the crouded State of that Part of the River Hull (the old Harbour) where such Boats usually lie, they are liable to Accidents, Damage, and Delay, and the Lives of His Majesty's Subjects are thereby frequently endangered; and that it would contribute much to the Convenience and Accommodation, as well of the Inhabitants of the said Town, as of all others resorting thither, if the Market Place were enlarged and improved, and divers Messuages, Tenements,

Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings, in the Streets called the Market Place, Butchery, Queen Street, -frier Gate, the Tout-Ropery, and Back-Ropery, or Humber Street, in the same Town, were taken down, and a commodious Street made to extend from the' Market Place aforesaid to the River Humber, and a Dock or Bason made at the South End thereof, adjoining the said River, with a landing Place or Wharf, for the Accommodation of such Ferry Boats and Market Boats as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eflefting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules,

D d Orders,

Langtoft In-dofurt Petition,

Aberdeenshire Canal Bill, reported.

Tadcaster and Otley Road Bill, palfcd*

Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* to the House:

Ahd it is referred to Mr. 'Thornton, Mr. Henry

Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the fevferal Persons, whose Names dre thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing, in the Whole, by Estimation, 3,200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the said Proprietors within the said Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and G rounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be a great Advantage to all Persons interested if the same were divided and allotted, and such Allotments inclosed, and Compensations made for all Tythes arising within the said Township: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Henry Lascelles, and Mr. -forte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 30 di Martii *x

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeen/hire Canal Navigation to complete the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, 'in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Atts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through,

Arthington, and Pool,to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title-be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Ha Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons; whose Names are Charlton in: thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Peti"

read; Setting forth, That there are; within jthe Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Doventon, in the County of Wilts, certain Open and Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadow's, and Waste Lands* occupied in small Pieces or Parcels, intermixed with each other* and* in their present Situation* incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners* and others* arc Owners and Proprietors of the said Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadow's, and Waste Lands* and it would be advantageous to them, if the same were divided and allotted, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying*

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts,under such Regular tions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur--suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bouverie of Salisbury and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Borou-lithe Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in and the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Roads Bill, repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County reported, of 1 ~ork, to the City of Durham', and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to'whom Fnmwelratr, the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and Twro Parcels of Ground called The Intack, or Cozv Pasture, and Shaw Wood,' within the several Townships of and WittonGilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester

and Lanchester,in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Inter-common Lands within the several Townships of Framzve/gate and Witten Gilbert aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill,

to

to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of 42, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.521. 191. who were Neuter; and also, the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.91. Ss- w c°uH not be met with; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates, having Bight of Common upon the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, amounts to £.7,719. I4J. bd.; and that noPerson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ana afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed:

Dun (table . Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom

reported. ^ie Potion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 26th. Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Innin , in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Skafford House, in the County of Hertford, was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. JohnCowper being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money Upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Bill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair* unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlargedThat the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road are very insufficient for carrying into Effect the Purposes of the said Act; and it is requisite that the said Tolls should be repealed, and others granted instead thereof.

And the Witness further laid. That a Part of the Road leading through the said Town of Dunstable is very narrow; and, in order to render the same safe and commodious, it is necessary that Power should be given to the said Trustees to purchase and pull down certain Houses and Buildings adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and" altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to Skafford House, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, Mr. St. John, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ctudefoni A Petition of several Trustees, appointed in and by Hoad Petition. Two several Acts, paired in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Vol. $6.

Road from the Town of Guldeford, to the directing Port, near the Town of Farnham, ill the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; which (till remain owing; and that the Powers granted by the said Acts have, in some Instances, been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money Borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term; and altering and enlarging some of the Powers of the said Acts, for such Time; and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Norton, Lord William Russell, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend For Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debts in Exeter Debt, the Sheriffs Ward or Prison at Exeter, was presented to ors Petition, the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call deferred, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House be now called over;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words upon this Day

Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant March."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now,k stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon " this Day Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant " March," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being put;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellijon have Leave of Absence, Leave of Ab» to attend the Assizes at Lincoln. _ fence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell have Leave of Absence, to attend the Assizes at Lincoln.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Lord Frederick Montagu have Leave of Absence to attend the Assizes at Huntingdon-,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mors for the Yeas, J.

Tellers for the Noes, j 77 -

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Cokt have Leave to go the Midland Circuit.

The

104 ' g° Martii.

A. 1801.

Stamps additional Duties JiilJ, deferred.

Horses additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Pottage Duties Bill, deferred

Report re-

spefting Provisions, deferred.

Committee on Third Report on Provisions, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty. additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Lcales, Bonds, or other Deeds;

Re/ohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great;

Refilled, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, rom for to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven-, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 23d Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon last, was

made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Aa for'lmk Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ingMbjed" " amend an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign Bread. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit " Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread." Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brayye took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Marine Mi;- A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine tiny Bill, tom- Forces while on Shore, was, according to Order, read mitted‘ a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a. Committee of the whole House.

v Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mutiny Bill, A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for committed. the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,

was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

2

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I Ioufe. *

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act American of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported F1°iir Bill, from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out commi,t' between certain Periods, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refihed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I Ioufe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, upon the said Bill.

Lord V ifeount Cafllereaghpresented to the House, BillrrCpefting

according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of the oiiue of the Office of Matter of the Rolls, in that Part of the RolL'in^r^* United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting land,prifant-the Salary annexed to the said Office: And the same eJ' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed. That there was a Mistake Acorns of in the Account (presented to the House upon the 23d Money issued Day of February last) of all Sums of Money which ^idrurcs* have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Re- withdrawn, venues, pursuant to Addresses, and which have not ordered.^ been made good by Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and another Account presented instead thereof.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc siiec-ness Pier thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfel ves and others, the Inhabitants of the Ville of Sheemand that Part of e 110 the Parish of Minfler, in the Ifie of Sheppy, in the County of Ken t,called Blue Town and Mile Town, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of Sheerness is very convenient and advantageous to the Trade and Navigation of the Nation, in Prelerrn-tion of Shipping in Stress of Weather, and in Time of War, as well as for the importing of Goods and Merchandizes; and that there is no Pier or W harf whatever for the landing of Goods from Ships and VessiJs coming into the said Harbour (except that which belongs to, and is erected in, His Majesty's Dock Yard at Sheerness, and, from its Situation, often endangers the Safety of Vessels lying the reto) whereby the Inhabitants of the said Towns are greatly inconvenienced in shipping and unshipping their Goods and Commodities, as the same is an Obstruction to the Public Duty of the Officers and Artificers of the said Dock Tard; and that, in Consequence of there being no other Wharf or Landing Place for Goods, or Passengers having Occasion to come to the said Towns, such Pafien-gers pass, and all Goods and Commodities belonging to the said Inhabitants and others, arc conveyed through His Majesty's laid Dock Yard, and also the Garrison . of Sheerness, which causes a Public and improper High- „ way or Paffiige to be made through such Dock Yard and Garrison, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and of the Officers and Artificers of His Majesty's said Garrison and Dock Yard; and that there is a very' eligible and suitable Plot of Ground on the Sea Beach, which is situate on the South Side of His Majesty's said Dock Yard, contiguous to the said Towns, and running into the River Medway, whereon a Pier might be built, which wrould eventually be of great Benefit to the Navigation of

MoHcroft In* closure Petition*

Horniea Inclosurt Petition,

41 Geo. III. 3° Martii. 105

the River, and tend much to the Increase of the Trade of the said Towns, and to the Prosperity and Population thereof; and that the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Ille of Skeppy (which lieth near His Majesty's said Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue Town and Mile , as aforesaid, are not paved, repaired, cleanled, lighted, watched, or watered, and the several Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Towns, are subject to various Incroachments, Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and are in some Places very incommodious and unsafe for Passengers and Travellers; and that it would contribute greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and to all other Persons resorting to, and travelling through, the fame, if the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, were paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, watered, improved, and kept free from all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Sir Edward , Sir William

Geary, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields and Common or Carr herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Township of Molfcrof, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of

York, there are certain Open Fields, and a Common or Carr, which are computed to contain in the Whole about 700 Acres; and that the said Open Fields and Common or Carr, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effetting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the Township of sea, in the Parish of Hornfea, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York, there are certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, which are computed to contain in the Whole about 2,500 Acres; and that the said Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that

Vox.. 56.

Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilb do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Richardson, Thomas Brown, East Halton William Hejleden, and the several other Persons, whose P#*

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, are computed to contain about 2,500 Acres, and the ancient Inclosures in the said Parish are computed to contain 200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be, of great Advantage to all Parties interested, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and if Compensations were made in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the said ancient Inclosures; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Petition from the Poor of Fourteen Townships within the Parishes'of Halifax and Bradford, in the West Riding of the County speaing the of York, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Poor Rate,« ting forth. That the Petitioners are reduced to the extremeft Difficulties by the extraordinary Pressure of the Times, which renders them incapable of supporting their Poor, or even so far administering towards the same as to preserve them in Existence; that they are nearly naked, which is a most lamentable Thing at this Season of the Year, especially in that cold Part of the Kingdom; to remedy this is not in the Power of the Parish Officers, on account of the Inadequacy of their present Funds; that the Number of Paupers in the said Townships has increased beyond all former Calculation since the ift of December last, and they are daily flocking in great Numbers to the Petitioners, from the general Want of Employment occasioned by the great and alarming Stoppage of our Manufactories, which Affliction being greatly aggravated by the exorbitant Price of Provisions, causes hourly Distress, at which Humanity Ihudders, and of which the Petitioners can no longer be Eye Witnesses without laying the same before the House: — That by far the major Part of those paying Assessments are in Distress nearly equal to the Paupers themselves, occasioned by the present Dearnels of Provisions, reduced State of their Manufactories, low Wages, and almost total Want of Employment; and farther, the Petitioners are in very heavy Advances of Money for their several Townships, and every AC-leflment they lay very greatly tends to increase the Number of their Poor; add to which, the Deficiencies in the Collection of the present Poor Rates in the said Townships are large, and increasing, and the Debt of each is very considerable: Under these Circumstances, the Petitioners pray the House will grant such immediate Assistance as will enable them to relieve their Poor in an equal Degree with Leeds, Wakefield,

and other more opulent Places, in the West Riding of the County of York,which, at present, give triple the Sum to their Poor that the present reduced State of Funds of the Petitioners enable them to give theirs in similar Circumstances; and without which, they allure the House, that the Poor, of the said Townships cannot polfibly exist much longer.

le Ordered,

io 6 3 ° Martii. 1801.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions.

skeiiow, &c. A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of and

Drainage Pe- the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto tition. subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of Estates in the Manor and Township of -low, and Hamlet of Carcroft, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Manor and Township, there are divers Open or Common Fields, Ings, Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, about i,oooo Acres; and that, by Reason of the present inconvenient, intermixed, and open State of the said Lands, it would tend to the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Occupation thereof, were the same divided and inclosed, to be held in Severalty, and if other apt local Provisions were made concerning the Premii'es; and likewise . so>commuting the Vicarial and redeeming the Impropriate Redorial Tythes of the said Township: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the said Lands and Premises, and for other the connected Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry

celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tion and V1Sa* ^>et^'on ^ie Navigation Company, was Drainage Pe- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, tition. by an Act, passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Mill, in the Parish of St in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River certain Persons therein named and described were incorporated by the Name of " Yhe Fofs Navigation with Power to make and maintain the said Navigation, and Provision was also made by the said Act for draining and improving the said Low Lands; and that by ' the said Act, the said Company were empowered to raile and contribute amongst themselves such Sum and Sums of Money as they should find sufficient for making and completing the said Navigation, and also the several Works of Drainage therein mentioned, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of £.25,400, except that, if the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then the said Company might raise amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further Sum or Sums of Money; not exceeding the Sum of £. 10,000, or that the said Company might, if they thought proper, borrow any Part of the said Sum of £.10,000 on the Credit of the said Undertaking; and that the said Company have proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Navigation and Drainage by the said Act authorized to be made, and have raised and expended not only the Whole of thp laid Sum of £.25,400, but a further Sum of Money, which they have borrowed on Mortgage of the said U ndeftaking, as Part of the said Sum of £.10,000; and they have also incurred sundry Debts, as well for Lands marked, set out, or taken and used, for the said Navigation, and the Works appertaining thereto, as for divers Materials, l/t^nlils, and Implements, used 3

in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and are now greatly in Arrear to the several Mortgagees for Interest on their respective Securities; and that the Company have used their utmost Endeavours to borrow on Mortgage as aforesaid the Residue of the said Sum of £.10,000, but have not been able to procure the Loan thereof, and the Creditors of the said Company are not only very prefiing for the Principal and Interest due to them, but several of them have given Notice of their Intention of enforcing Payment of their Demands by Law; and that the said Company, unless they are enabled to raise and enforce the Payment amongst themselves of a larger Sum of Money than they are at present empowered to do, will be totally unable to liquidate and discharge the said Debts by them so contracted and incurred, or to complete the said Navigation and other Works, or maintain and uphold so much thereof as is now finished; and that the said Act hath in several Rel'pects been found defective, and the Execution of fonre of the Powers and Provisions thereof, in the Mode prescribed, inconvenient with respect both to the Navigation and Drainage thereby authorized and directed to be made, completed, and maintained, and it is requisite that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company to raise Money for discharging their said Debts, and to complete the said Navigation and Drainage; and also to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforre, Mr. Henry Laf- , cedes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend John King, of Leeds, in Church the West Riding of the County of York, was presented Petition' to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish of Leeds aforesaid is very extensive, and the Inhabitants thereof are become so numerous, that the Vicarage Church is much too small to contain them; and that the Petitioner hath lately purchased a Building, finished and completed in a proper, decent, and very commodious Manner, fit for performing Divine Service therein, and he is desirous that the same may be consecrated, and set apart for such Service, and established as a Place ot Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever; and that the Petitioner hath, to this End, obtained the Consent of the Vicar of the said Parish, and of the Trustees in whom the Patronage of the said Vicarage is veiled, and also of the Archbishop of York, the Ordinary thereof: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for directing the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry cedes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Ara- N->rth Frod-ble Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Common and Waste Lands, herein after mentioned, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the.

Township of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, there are certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

"rr;

ir~

i:

liv

(R

Dewfbury Poor Reliefs Petition, referred to the Committee on Provisions.

White Sheet Hill and Shaftelbury Roads Fill, committed*

Tumwood Inclosure Bill, committed.

Selkirk Roads Petition.

41 Geo. III.

3° — 40 Martii.

107

tures, Carrs, Common and Waste Lands, which are computed to contain in the Whole about 2,500 Acres; and that the fame, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purpose above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber force and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and others, of the Vestry of the Township of in the West

Riding of the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till 'Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 Martii;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A BILL for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill,in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the

Counties of Dorset and Somerjetto the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. Afdey, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of otherwise Turn-

worth, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. AjUcy, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Owners of Land in the County of Selkirk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Laws now subsisting in Scotland, for making of Roads, have been found ineffectual in the County of Selkirk, and other and further Powers are necessary, in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution; and Doubts have arisen, in some Cafes, who are chargeable towards repairing the Highways; and it is attended with Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual, and properly apply, the Statute Work in the said County; .;nd that a real'onable Composition in Money instead of L hour, is, in many Places, found to be more useful and VoL. 56.

effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the fame; and it will be of Advantage to the said County to convert the Services intoMoney, and ascertain the Rates and Mode of levying the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour in the County of Selkirk, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing the High Roads in the said County, with such Powers, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Stuart, Mr. William Dundas, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Eft court reported from the Committee, to whom Clr*nce(ter

the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ^oa£rpeti-de thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two tion,reported. Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that a small Piece of Road, of about 400 Yards in Length, leading from a Place near the Wharf at Latton, to the Town Bridge in the Parish of Cricklade, was not inserted in the Notices, it not having been determined to include that Piece of Road till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-, port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Blomfield Lediard being examined, said.

That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act, have made great Progress in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credjt of the Tolls by the said Acts granted or continued, but the said Road cannot be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the said Money be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Provisions thereof altered and amended. — And the Witness further said. That the additional Piece of Road before mentioned is very much out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; but if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Persons passing along the said Road, or residing near thereto, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, Dovorand to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole tjtion

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of reported, the Town of Dovor, in the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That tlxe Committee had examined,

Sudbury and Bury Saint Edmund* Road Bill, committed.

Tkehurst and Halting* Road Petition.

mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills* had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Knocker being examined, said. That the Road leading from Dovor to Sandwich, by in the County of Kent, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, is very much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow, circuitous, and incommodious; and by Reason of many sudden Turnings, and of the Number of Carriages daily passing thereon, the said Road is in many Parts very ruinous and unsafe, and the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes have not the Means of amending the same, although they have regularly performed their Statute Duty thereon: — That the Improvement of the said Road will be of great public Utility and Convenience, and is particularly necessary to the Trade of that Part of the Country, both f6r the transport of Timber and of Com, Dovor being a Port of extensive Trade in the Line of Shipbuilding, and wherein a principal Part of the Boats for the Navy have been accustomed to be built; and there being not less than Eleven Mills in the Distance of Three Miles on a Stream running to Dovor, and the Public, particularly the Farmers, Boat Builders, and Millers, from the Badness of the Roads, not being able to draw their very necessary Articles from that Part of the Country, but on the most disadvantageous Terms. — And the Witness further said, That a great Part of the present Road might be very considerably widened, altered, and improved, so as to make it safe and commodious to Carriages and Passengers, and considerable and advantageous new Lines of Road might be formed through the several Parishes described in the Petition, and thereby several sudden Turnings and narrow Places would be avoided, and the Distance of the Road from Dovor to Sandwich, by Walderjhare, considerably short-cned and improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Walderjhare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham Downs, up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. nion. Sir William Geary, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the zd and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly flood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly flood, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed in and by Two Acts, made in the z6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 19th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vrnt, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of in

the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected on the said Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that neither the Money so borrowed, nor the Interest due thereon, can be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlarged; and it will be necessary that some additional Tolls should be granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the.Term, and alter and enlaige the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, General Lennox, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places, and Wastes, within the Manor and Township of Little Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of JVhixley, in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common, or being otherwise interested, in the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tolleshunt Major, otherwise Beckingham, in the County of Essex, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Parish, an extensive Tract of Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, containing, by Elli-mation, aoo Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, yields but little Profit; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made, it would be of considerable Advantage to the several Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wefiern and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing the Roads from Royfion, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Cause-way, at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham,

in

Little Ufeburn Inclo-Jure Bill, presented.

Whixley Inclosure Bill, presented.

Tolleshunt

Inclol'ure

Petition.

Rojrlton

Roads Petition, reported.

Dimkefwell

Inclosure

Petition.

Macclesfield Raids Petition*

41 Geo. III. 4° Martii.

109

in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions, and separate Districts, of the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. JVcdd William Najk being examined, said. That

the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, comprized in the Dillrict or Division therein described " The South Dillrict or Division," owing to the Difficulty and Expence of procuring Materials, and the Insufficiency of the Tolls taken thereon, are now in a very ruinous and decayed State and Condition, insomuch that the Inhabitants of several of the Parishes through which the said Roads pass have been indicted, and are now under Prosecution, for the bad Repair thereof in their respective Parishes; and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and maintained in Repair, and the Money now owing on the Credit of the said Tolls discharged, without the Tolls are increased. — And the Witness added. That it is expedient the said Act should be continued, and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the South Dillrid or Division of the Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said Dillrid: And that General Adeane and Mr. Plumer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons or Walle Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Dnnkefwell, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Commons or Walle Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Dnnkefwell, containing together, by Ellimation, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and it will be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested, if the same were properly divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons or Walle Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under stich Regulations, as to the House fiin.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Elford and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trullees for executing Two Acts, the one passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Crols at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester,through Macclesfield Forest, to the

present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Town-ship of Buxton, in the County of Derby, and the other, palfed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trullees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be

VOL. 56.

sufficiently improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and foing of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they d6 examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Grosvenor, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Little Cox-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, certain Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Walle Lands, and Commonable Places, occupied in small Pieces or Parcels intermixed with each other, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners and others are Owners, and Proprietors of the said Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Walle Lands, and it would be advantageous to them if the same were divided and allotted, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Walle Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas, and Mr. Bouveriof,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, accord- Wilts and ing to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Pro- Bd^pSent-prietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to cd. ' raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act, passed in the 33th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Westmanfide the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Bill^com-Common Pallures, Downs, and other Commonable and mined. Walle Lands, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanjide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Annesley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, on- Behalf of themselves and Md^agafnft others, being Mill Owners, and Occupiers of Mills and Croydon and Manufactories on the River Wandle, in the County of c^nal BiuT Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of

F f Rot her hit he,

Boron gh-bncl^e and Durham Roads Bill, passed.

AheHeen-shire Canal Bill, passed.

Chesterfold and Derby Roads Bill, reported.

i jo 4* Mur tit A. 18 o i

Rotherhithe,in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatkam, and and the

District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, it passed into a Law, would be extremely prejudicial and ruinous to the Petitioners* and the several other Persons having Property, and occupying Mills and Manufactories on the River Wandie, inasmuch as the making of the proposed Canal would drain and divert the Water from the Sources of the said River, and would be a moll serious Injury not only to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors and Occupiers of the numerous Mills and Manufactories on the said River, but to the Public at large, iince, by the Regularity of the Stream, and its not being subject to the Obllruclions common to most other Rivers, as well as from its Vicinity to Louden, it is a certain, and, at Times, almost an exclusive Source of Supply, to the Metropolis, of Flour and other Merchandize.* And therefore praying. That they maybe heard, by themselves, their Counted, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pats into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Count'd, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Count'd be admitted to be heard, at the tame Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the J2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Itoad, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in

the County of York, to the City of; and for

more effectually repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Burden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdec mjhCanal Navigation to complete the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the AberdesnfhireCanal Navigation to com-

plete the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardycedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendijk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the* 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfieldto the Turnpike Road at

stone-lane-head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroiled.

A Petition of David Field, Clerk, Elizabeth Goulton, Widow, John blah by, John Alil/s, and the several other

Persons whole Names are thereunto lublcribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands, Te- nements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Ulceby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Open Common F'ields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, arc computed to contain about 3,500 Acres, and the ancient Inclosurcs in the said Parish are computed to contain 140 Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be of great Advantage to ail Parties interested if the

o > o

fame were divided and inclosed, and fnecifn: Parts allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interclls; and il Compensations were made in lieu of the TytLes thereof, and of the said ancient inclosurcs: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ellecting the Purposes before mentioned, in Inch Manner, and under such Regulations and Redactions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the fai l Petition: And that Mr. Fynerand Sir Gilbert do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theml'elves, and the other Owners of Estates in the Parish of A!den Lam, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,'That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Whifle Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Ellimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts; and il the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their several and respective Rights and Ir.tcrells, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Pitoner do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 2: ft \ car of the Reign of LI is present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston,in the County of Cornwall; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the W'elt Gate, under in the

Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by to the Nor th

Gate, in the same Borough, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Broedcu, Mr. Razvdon, &cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Odell have Leave of Absence for a Month, to attend the Affixes at Limerick.

Ordered, That xMr. Boucherelt have Leave to attend the Affixes at Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itieli into a Committee of the whole House,

upon

Ulceby Inclosure Petition.

AMenham

incioiure

Petition.

Lr.unccfton Roads Kill, committal.

Leave of Ab

fence.

Committee on P<*jt age Dutiei

Bill.

nr

upon the Bill for repealing the Hates and Duties of Poihigo in Great Britain, and granting ether Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made icveral Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tJo^Dukes to re ^ve itieif into a Committee of the whole House, BUL upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itielt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. George Wood have Leave to go the

lence. Northern Circuit.

Bril to amend Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ingNiixed^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bread, re- amend an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of

porttiL His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to permit

" Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in° rolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on stamps nd- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "Du- upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and iniuranees, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brawe took the Chair of the Committee.

a 0

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alornintr.

o

Vol. 56.

Mr. Rr/i', according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 23d Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, be divided into Twelve D.ftrifts; and that Premiums, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of £.12,000, be offered for the Cultivation of Potatoes, by Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, not being Cottagers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the followingPremiums be granted in each District, viz.to the Person who shall, in the present Year, cultivate on Land, now in his Occupation, which has not been used as Potatoe or Hop Ground, or yielded any Arable Crop, during the last Seven Years, the greatest Number of Statute Acres of Potatoes, producing, on an Average, not less than 200 Bushels per Acre (each Bushel weighing not less than 60 lbs.)

The Number of Acres, not being less than 30,^.300 For the next greatest Number, not being less than 20 Acres, - 200

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 10 Acres, - - - - 100

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 7 Acres, 70

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 6 Acres, 60

For the next greatest Number, not being less than Acres, - - - 40

For the next greatest Number, not being less than 3 Acres, - - - - 30

To the next Ten grefteft'Number, not being lei's than 2 Acres each, 20 each, making zoo Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Premiums, to the Amount of 13,000, be offered for the Encouragement of the Culture of Potatoes, by Cottagers in England and Wales, to be distributed in Sums not exceeding £. 20 for each District or Division, in which Magi ft rates aft at their Petty Sessions in their several Counties, and that such Day Labourer, Artificer, or Manufacturer, being a Cottager in each of the said Districts or Divisions, who shall raise on Land in his Occupation, in the present Year, the largest Average Crop of Potatoes per Perch;

In not Id's than 12 Square Perches of Land -

To the Second largest Crop on Ditto - - 6

To the Third largest Crop on Ditto 4

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 3,000, be granted for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes, by Cottagers, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, in such Sums, and under such Conditions, as may be approved by the Board of Agriculture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.2,000, be granted to the Board of Agriculture, for the Purpose of being distributed by them, in honorary Premiums, to such Owners or Occupiers of Land as shall allot the greatest Quantities of Land among Cottagers this Year, to be planted with Potatoes, in Portions of not more than Three-Fourths, nor leis than One-Fourth, of a Statute Rood.

A Motion was made, and the Question wasproposed. That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time;

And

Report on Second Report respediing Provisions.

Charlton In* cloture Bill, presented.

West Bromwich Inclo-flbre Bill, p relented.

Staveley Inclo lure Bill, presented.

Stratford and Alcester Roads Petition, reported,

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

*Fhe House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker,without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock- .

Jovisy 5° die Mar tit j

Anno 41® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

MR. Bouverie, of Sa/ifbury, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor ami Parish of ton, in the County of WiltsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Granville Leveson Goner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West in the County of

Stafford: And the same was received > and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. HenryLafcelles. presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, palLed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and ham,to a Place called Bradley-B in the County of Horcester, and from Alcester,through Great and

Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through llewell Lane and Burcott to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hezvell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnto Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the StandingOrders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Waller Jones being examined, said, That great

Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term *

of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21 ft: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and to a Place

called Bradley Brook, in the County of and from Alcester, through Great Cough ton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leek has, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the Report which was ReportonCi-Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe- ^ck/dean<* tition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto j<0,ds p«i-subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two A his tion, re-palfed for repairing and widening the Road from Circn- 'O'1111*11* cester,in the County of Gloucester,to in the County of Wilts, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be rc-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was reterred.

A Petition of John Sharp, Esquire, Lord of the Manor Chari wood of Charlzvood, in the County of Surrey, and of the several ,nJolure Pc* other Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, 1 was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the Manor of Charlzvood, and in the several Parishes of Charlzvood and Horley, or one of them, in the said County, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing 811 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State,are incapable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eife&uating the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William RuJJ'e/l and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord William R ffe/lreported from the Committee, Wnndfwoith to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves ported. ' and others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants in or near the several Places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, and Bills for making Railways, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Wildgoofe, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That

by Surveys and Levels lately taken, it appears a Railway may be made for the Railage of Waggons and other Carriages from, or from near, a Place called Ram Field, in the Parish of Wandsworth, to, or near to, a Place called Pit/ake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, and a Collateral Branch from the said Railway', from, or from near Mitcham Common, to, or near to, a Place called Hack Bridge, in the Parish of Carjhalton-, and that a Dock or

Bafoji,

Wand Tworth Inc bfu re Petition.

Braunston

Inclosure

Petition.

Stradfet Inclosure Petition.

Bason, for Barges and other Vessels, with a Lock, Cuts, and other Works, may be made from the said Railway, at Or near Ram Field aforesaid, into,

which will form a Communication with the River Thames, in the said Parish of: Then,

Mr. William Bedcott Luttly being examined, said, That

the making of such Railway, and other Works, will be of very great Advantage to several very considerable Manufactories established in the Neighbourhood of, and to the Inhabitants of, many Towns and Places, and of a very populous Country lying on, or near to, the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and ealy Communication for the Conveyance of Coals, Corn, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Metropolis, and other Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of and a Navigable

Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey: And that Lord William Rnjfelland Mr. Tierney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Parish of

Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and also Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 750 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Strutt and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Earl of and Notting-

ham, Lord of the Manor o i Botherwise in the County of Rutland, and the humble Petition of Gerard Noel Noel, Esquire, and several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Etlates in the Manor, Lord fir ip, and Parish of Braun-Jtott aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, Lordship, or Parish, certain Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which might be greatly improved by being divided, inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Iloule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring it) a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Asheton Smith and Sir William Heathcole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read j Vol. 56. '

Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Commons and Waste Lands, which, in their prclent uncultivated and unimproved State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the same were divided, anil specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to such Persons, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and ‘Waste Lnnds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJlley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chejlcrfield to the Turnpike Road at and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesler-field to the Turnpike Road at and

several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augitflus Henry do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concur* rence.

A Petition of Thomas Ryder, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields within the Parish of Win the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present State, ate incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. St. John, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

G g The

Carmarthen

Roftds Bill, prerented.

Clierterfield and Derby Roads Bill, passed.

Wrert ling-worth Inclo* fare Petition.

Portage Duties Bill, deferred.

ii4

5° Marta.

y]. iSot.

Hones aiWi- Tlni Order of the Day being read, for receiving the BiH,1 deterred. ^ePort born the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Stamps adtii- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the lt!e*i Report from the Committee of the whole House, to i , c eire > wj-10m t]ie for granting to His Majesty additional

Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promift'ory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, was committed, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Duty on Re- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ritsTnto^Scot- 39*b anc^ 4°th Years of the Reign of His present Ma-land, to be jesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of considered. gxcjfe on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, " and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for " altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of u Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Seotland," might be read.

And the same being mad accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland.

Removal The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Edt' India 39fh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-Goods, to be tuled, " An Act for permitting certain Goods, imported considered. ««from the East Indies, to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting " other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Laws BiH, Mf- Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, pa/ented' a Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their Jawfift Occupations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, made in the 36th infwi'xed^' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Bread,paired. " An Act to permit Bakers to make and lell certain " Sorts of Bread," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

" An Act to permit Bakers to make and foil cei tain Sorts u of Bread."

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Pa per. Printed resolve itklf into a Committee of the whole House,

1 n-ii r . , TtaDutje*

upon the Bill for granting to 11 is Majesty certain ad- Bill,deferred, ditional Duties on Paper, Pallet.oard. Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into. Great Britain; on Linens and Stull's printed in, or imported into, Great Britain from Ireland; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Customsaddi-resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, g-j^^erml upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties ' of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, im- . ported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to de*

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *rrctl* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Regulation of the BillrefrefHng Office of Mailer of the Rolls, in that Part of the United °he

Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary Rolls in Ire-annexed to the said Otfice, be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfoif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- Report, of port of the Commissioners of Account in Ireland, and ereofAc-0* of the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of count in ine* the said Commissioners, which were presented to the lai?d> to be House upon Monday last, be printed, as shall be suffi- prmK cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put. Bill to relieve That the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial poor Rates, Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited, be committed, now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te„ers for,he Yea,

Tcllere for the Noes, j Jol/iffe': \ 19'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. Motion for That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Re- j^,rt (on Se-port which, upon the 23d Day of February last, was cond Report) made from the Committee appointed to consider of the °* Prov on*

present

4'i Geo. III.

present High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

"5

such Parts of the said Bill as asse<ft them; and that the same may not pass into a Law in its present Form.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed;

5° — 6° MartiL

Petition of Inhabitants of Drayton, against Chester and Whitchurch Roads . Bill.

Petition of the Trustees of certain Roads, against

Vimens, 6° Martii;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Drayton in in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to , in

the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through , to

Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of the said Roads; and Setting forth. That a Clause is inserted in the said Bill, empowering the Trustees for the said Second District to let up and ered, or cause to be set up and erected, one or more Turnpike or Turnpikes across the said Road, within the said Diftrid, at such Place or Places, between Hhstock and the Town of Newport aforesaid, as

they should think proper; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present State, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioners travelling along, and interested in, the said Roads: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them; and that the same may not pass into a Law in its present Form.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed under and by virtue of Two several Acts, passed in the 7th and 25th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between , in the County of Chester, and Newcastle wider Lyne, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill and Clause; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have at different Times borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Turnpike Roads, under and by virtue of the said Acts of the 7 th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and expended the same in the Repair thereof, and there is now due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls jf. 3,701; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present State, it would not only be very burthensome to the Town and Neighbourhood of Drayton in Hales, through which Part of the Roads in the said last mentioned Acts pass, but highly injurious to the Petitioners and other Persons interested in the said Roads, and much endanger the Securities for the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, against

Vol.

5^*

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Littleb-ury frt-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open reported?'* and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands interested in the Inclosure assessed to the Land Tax at £. 19. 2 s.per Annum, who refused to sign the *

Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Lands assessed

to the Land Tax at £.5. 2 s. per , who were

neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging

to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the

Land Tax at ^.257. iSs. per Aand that no

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the

Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dundasreported from the Committee, to Rennet and

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of pej°t"0^anaj the Kennetand Avon Canal Navigation, was referred; parted."'

That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power forraifing any further or additional Rates,

Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Acts, passed in the 34th, 36th, and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and improving the said Canal, were read: And,

Mr. John Ward (Clerk to the said Company) being examined, said, That the Petitioners are proceeding, with the said Canal, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof, and have expended a large Sum of Money therein, but find it impradicable to procure any further Sums of Money for carrying on, and completing the said Canal, in the Manner authorized by the said Acts: — That, in order to enable the Petitioners effectually to complete and maintain the said Canal, it will be necessary, that some Alterations and Amendment* j

should be nude in the said Acts.

Ordered,

A. iSoi.

6° A hi stil.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. Hobhottfe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fcridffwnter Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads p ti- Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

ion, reporte . thereunto subscribed, beingTrustees for executing Two Aftsfor repairing several lloads leading to the Town of „ - Bridgtvater,in the County of was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for amending several Roads from the Cities of Gloucester and and several

other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucejieralfo an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers of so much of the said Act as relates to the Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, were read: And,

Mr. James Bryant, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the Care of the said Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, with respect to those Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads fufhciently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof, which are found defective, altered, and amended: That it is expedient that the said Trustees should be discharged from the future Management, Support, and Repair of the said Road, which leads from a Place called The Three Crofj'es, in the Parish of Bridgwater (being near a Place more commonly known by the Name of Geafe Pit, in the said Parish) to the House commonly known by the Name of The Crown Spaxton, in the said County of Somerset-, and that the same should cease to be Part of the Roads included under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, it having been found to be detrimental to the Income of the said Turnpike. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That it is also expedient that Power should be given to the said Trustees, to purchase and take down a certain Building called a Stable, situate in the Parish of North in the said

County of Somerset, belonging to, and in the Occupation of, Ann Coombs, Widow, for the Improvement of the said Roads; and likewise to purchase Part of a Plot of Ground adjoining the said Road, in the said Parish of North Petherton, lately set or planted with Thorns, under Pretence of calling it a Nursery, now in the Occupation of one Richard King, being the Property of him, or one Ann Hock, of the same Parish, Spinster. — And being further examined, the Witness said, That it is necessary the Tolls to be taken on the said Roads should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-

pairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and or her Jtoads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town: And that Mr.

Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Allen, Go prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom Kind's Brom-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and incioling, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of King's p>ned. Brampton, Upton, and Shi/gate, in the County of Soma-Jet, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Person, whose Property is assess'ed to the Poor's Rate at 4 d. per Annum-, and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons intevefted in the Inclosure is alled'ed to the Poor's Rate at £.4. 12 r. 6 d.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House*; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the acting Trustees appointed in and Exeter Ro*d« by an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more cfledually amending several lloads leading from the City of Exeter, and for re-building or repairing Ex e Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious, and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said Act, have widened, amended, and repaired, the several lloads therein mentioned, and have also re-built a Bridge over the River Exe, and made proper and convenient Avenues to the fame, asdireded by the said Act; and that, in carrying the sof the said Act into Execution, very considerable Sums of Money have necessarily been expended, and particularly in re-building such iiridge, and making such Avenues as aforesaid, an Expence has been incurred of nearly f. 21,000; and that, by reason thereof, and of the great Extent of the said Roads, being above 160 Miles, and the increased Price of Labour, added to the Difficulty and Expence of procuring Materials in several Parts of the fame, the said Roads in general cannot be kept in such a State of Repair as the Safety and Convenience of the Traveller, and the Laws of this Kingdom require, and in some Parts are become so ruinous, that they cannot, by any Means, be repaired by the present Resources of the Trust; and that the Petitioners have, in pursuance of the said Act, from Ti me to Time, taken up large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, 1b that the several Sums borrowed on the Credit of the former Acts, and of the said Act, amount to 53,800; and that the several Tolls and Duties arising on the said Roads amount only to the Sum of ^.4,809 per Annum, or thereabouts, which, after paying the Sum of 2,152 to the Creditors, for their Interest of the said Sum ot /. 53,800, before stated to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, leaves only the Sum of £. 2,657, or thereabouts, to be applied to the Repairs of the said Roads,whichthcPetitioncrsfind to be altogether

infuikcient

insufficient for that Purpose , and that the said Act having limited the Interest of the Sums borrowed to £. 4 per Centum, the Petitioners have no Profpcft of

being able to raise any additional Sums for the Repair of the said Roads at that Rate of Interest; and that the Petitioners having caused an accurate Survey to be made of the said Roads, and having examined able and skilful Persons respecting the State thereof, find, that it will require a Sum not lets than £. 12,000. to put them in good and proper Repair; and the Petitioners all'o find, that the several Tolls and Duties already granted to them by Parliament, will be greatly inadequate to the Discharge of the Interest of the Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, and to the keeping the said Roads in good and proper Repair, and other necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Trusts; and that it would tend greatly to further and facilitate the Execution thereof, if the Powers given by the said Act were explained, amended, and enlarged; and that the Petitioners, the Trustees nominated in the said Act, for building a Bridge at Countess Wear, and for widening and amending the Roads leading thereto, proceeded in the said Business, in which was expended the Sum of £. 3,512. 10s. which Money was borrowed on the Credit of tire Tolls, and now remains due to the Creditors, with a considerable Sum for Interest: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, and that the House will grant them a new Term, for the several Purposes herein mentioned, together with such further Sum and Sums of Money, and such additional 'foils and Duties, and such further and other Powers, as may be requisite and proper, to enable them to put and keep the said Roads in a good and sufficient State of Repair, and to execute the said Trusts in as effectual and beneficial a Manner as possible; and also to give them such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

OrderedThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cardiff, &c. A Petition of the Most honourable John Marquis of

Jgf* Pe' Bute, and the humble Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burge lies, of the Town of Cardiff, under their Common Seal, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Parishes after-mentioned, in the County o was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the several Parishes of Saint John the Baptist in Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath, and Lanifhen,in the County of Glamorgan, a large Tract of Common, Waste, or Heath Lands, called by the Names of The Great and Little Heaths, otherwise Mynydd Revelian and Wain dyvacontaining 1,000 Acres, or

thereabouts, in, over, and upon which, the Petitioners, and others, are entitled to Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests; and that the same are not, in their present State, capable of much Improvement; but, if divided and allotted among the several Parties interested, according to their rel'peftive Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, it u'ould be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Parties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Tract of Commons, Waste, or Heath Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Vol. 56.

Evelyn James Stuart and Mr. Charles do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom Tieelmrft ami the Petition of the several Trustees appointed in and by petition* re-"1* Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his ported, late Majesty, and in the 19th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehirjl, in the County of Sussex,to the Town and Port of Hajiings, in the said

County, w'as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he -read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Tilden Sampson being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected on the said Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts: That neither the Money so borrowed, nor the Interest due thereon can be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlarged; and it will be necessary that some additional Tolls should be granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to* continue the Term* and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Fait, in the Parish of 7 'icehurst,in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hajiings, in the said County: And that Mr. Pelham and General Lennox do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Geyton inclo-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and r"re Petmon* others, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Geyton, otherwise Gayton, otherwise Guyton, in the County of Norfolk, wras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are within the said Parish several Common or Open Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage, and also certain Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the said Common or Open Fields, Half Year and Shack Lands, lie very much intermixed and dispersed, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, and the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage were extinguillied, and the said Commons or Open Fields, Half Year and Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their rel'peftive Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over, and upon the said Common or Open Fields, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fame, and also the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

AJHey, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

H k

Leave of

Abi'ence.

Persons ordered to attend.

Horses additional Duties Bill, reported.

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Stamps additional Duties Bill, reported.

Prlbge Duties Bill, reported.

118 6° Martii. . 1801.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey have Leave of Absence for a Month, on Account of the Ulnets of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley have Leave of Absence for Three Weeks, on Account of the Ulncfs of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Brooke have Leave of Absence for Three Weeks, on Account of the Ulness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. William , Notary Public,

and Deputy llegifter of the Diocese of , do attend this House upon Tuesday next, with the RegisterBook of

Orders celebrated by the Right Reverend Father in God John (Thomas)late Lord Bishopof

Ordered, That Wilson, Clerk of the Church or Chapelry of New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex,

do attend this House at the same Time.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting certain Persons from the Duty imposed by this Bill; and also from the Duty impoled by an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His present Majesty, contained in Schedule (D) annexed to the said Act.

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and lnluranc.es, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee*of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and grant ing other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and MUJord Haven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the

Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for increasing the Allowance of Weight for the Letters received by Members.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for (he Yeas, j } 21'

Tellers for (he Noes, {$£ J£*"* } 93-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Further Con. posed.That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Re- Second Report,which, upon the 23d Day of February last, was made *

from the Committee appointed to consider of the present off for'Six High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with Months, their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now' taken into further Confederation;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now"

{land part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Ryder, )

(Mr. Keene: 4

(Mr. Hob house.

(Mr. Robson: 5

3°.

37-

So it pafl'ed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Six Months, " be added at the End the Question;

It was relolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ro consider of the Report which, upon the 23d Day of February lad, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, tathe House, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts or-Account of all Grain and Rice imported into the feve- Grain and ral Ports of England and Scotland, respectively, between Rice, import-the 5th January 1800 and the 5th January 1801; dil- cJ‘ tinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this II oufc, an D« exported. Account of all Grain and Rice exported from the leve-ral Ports of England and Scotland, respectively, between the 5th January 1S00 and the 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Countries into which, and the Ports whence, exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Average Puce Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts of Gra,n'<kC-Grain, Flour, Meal, and Malt, in England and,

respectively,

Mittiftnll Tn-closure Bil)# presented.

W.itton and Cirbrooke inclosure Petition.

Drornham Market, &c. inclosure Pe tit'um.

respectively, in the Year ending 5th January 1800, and in the Year ending 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Prices in each Week, Month, Quarter, and Year.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first: put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lun&t 90 diMartii; Anno 41® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

MR. Afley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattiflmll,in the County of Nor-

folk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Benjamin Barker, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Estates in the several PariPnes of and Carbrooke, in the County of , having Rights

of Common of Pasture, and otherwise interested in the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said several Parishes, ivas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Fens, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in their present State and Condition, yield but little Profit, and the said Open or Common Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, the same would be of great Advantage to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Act ley. Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubfcished, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of certain Open Field and other Lands, lying within the several Parishes of Downham Market, IVimbotfham, and B ex-tv ell, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said several Parishes certain Open Field and other Lands, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 540 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open Field, and other Lands, are intermixed and liedilpeiTcd in small Pieces, and are very inconveniently situated for the Occupation and Cultivation thereof; and it would be highly advantageous and beneficial to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted amongst the several Proprietors, Owners, and other Persons, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Vol. 56.

' Martii. 119

Mr. Afley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr; W do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, Whose Names are thereunto lubscribed,on Behalf of themselves and others, Dra,'nage pt. Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands, within titUm. the Manors and Pari Hies of Upzvell and Outre ell, and the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the lile of Ely,

and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That an Act was passed in the lid Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manorand Parishes of Upzvell and Out well, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Ifie of E/v, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, whereby certain Commissioners were appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, and the Owners and Occupiers of the Fen Lands therein comprized, and all Commoners having Right of Common on the Commonable Parts thereof, were made chargeable with certain Annual Rates or Taxes for carrying on, perfecting, and maintaining, the Banks, Drains, Dams, Outlets, Engines, and other Works thereby authorized to be made, and Power was given to the Commissioners to assign the said Yearly Rates and Taxes as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money which they might borrow, with Interest for the same; and that another Act was parted, in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, toainend, and render more effectual; the said Act, so far as the same related to that Part of the said Fen Lands which lie on the South Side of Popham's Eau, whereby the Commissioners were authorized for impose certain additional Rates and Taxes on the said last mentioned Lands; and that the said Commissioners have, from Time to Time, proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the said several Rates and Taxes, which still remain due upon the Credit thereof, and have also incurred several Debts in executing the said several Works of Drainage, but the same are still incomplete; and that the said Fen Lands, containing in the Whole, near 11,000 Acres, might be fur-» ther greatly improved by additional Works of Drainage, but the said Rates and Taxes are not sufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the present Works; and the several Powers given by the said Acts are found defective, and insufficient for the effectual Drainage of the said Fen Lands, and it is therefore expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effedling the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AfleyMr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Kinfare into whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cioiureBiil, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Com- rePorteu* mon, Great Checkhill, and Little CheckhiU, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver,otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been ' complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

West Brom* wich Indo-lure Bill, committed.

Greestock Harbour and Police Petition.

ilo 9 0 Martii. 1801.

tnittec; and that the Committee had gone through Watermen plying in the Harbour and Road of Greenock; the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, as also to regulate the Fares of Hackney Coaches, which they had directed him to report to the House; Chailes, and Sedan Chairs, in the said Town; and that and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards de- it would tend greatly to preserve good Order in the said livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Town, if the Baillies and Town Council of the said Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read through- Towh were authorized to build a Bridewell and Workout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon house therein, and to commit to the said Bridewell and the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to Workhouse, according to the Law of , Delin-

by the House. quests for Trial, and for Punishment after Convhftion:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to ingrossed. bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the

Powers of the said Acts, and for effecting the several

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe- other Purposes before-mentioned, veral Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, was read mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

a Second Time. shall appear to them, to the House:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward And it is referred to Mr. Boyd Mr.

Littleton, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, &c.: And they Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Speaker's Chamber. and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

A Petition of the Magistrates, or Baillies and Town Council, of the Burgh or Barony of Greenock, was pre- Mr. William Eliot reported from the Committee, to Tivertoit lented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Juried an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 3 ill Year of the reporte present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, and making Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of in the yth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Greenock, for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and jesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town wholesome Water, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, of Tivertoin the County of Devon, was committed; and watching, the Streets and other public Places, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of within the said Town; and by another Act, passed in the the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the 29th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for altering Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, certain Powers veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed and Authorities were given to the Baillies of the said him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Town, and to the other Persons in the said Act men- his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the tioned and described, as Trustees for carrying the Pur- Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the poles of the said Act into Execution; and that the said Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Trustees have accordingly proceeded in executing the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question said Acts, and have borrowed and advanced several severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates and Du- OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ties by the said Acts granted, which Sums, together ingrossed. with the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, collected by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly laid out, pur- Mr. OJborn presented to the House, according to Wreftiing.

suant to the Directions thereof, and great Progress has Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

been made in the Public Works thereby directed; but Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wallcs, ieme<L ' ?re*

the same cannot be effectually complied with, and the and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Public Works kept in good Order and Repair, and Parish of , in the County of Bedford: And

the other Purposes of the said Acts fulfilled, unless fur- the same was received; and read the First Time.

ther and additional Powers are granted for that Purpose, Refolv That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and the said Acts explained and amended in several

Particulars; and that, from the great Increase of Trade A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Latton, fcc.

and Shipping, the said Harbours of the Town of Greenock Lord Eliot, and the humble Petition of the Reverend John

are not l'ulHciently large for the Reception, loading, Lyne, Clerk, Mary Widow, and the several other

and unloading, and convenient lying, of the Ships and Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being

Vessels resorting thereto, and it would be of great Utility Owners of, or interested in, the several Open and Com-

and Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said mon Lands and Grounds, in the Parillics of Latton and

Town, if the said Harbours were enlarged, and proper Eifey, in the County of and of Down

Piers, Quays, Jetties, Wharfs, and Cranes, made and in the County of G/oncester, was presented to the House,

erected for the Reception, loading, and unloading, and and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said

Safety, of the Ships and Vessels lying the rein; and that, Parish of Latton, several Open and Common Fields,

from the great Increase of Population in the said Town, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, and

it has become necessary to procure a further Supply of within the said Parishes of Eifey and Down Ampney, fc-

good and wholesome Water for the Use of the inhabi- veral Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands,

tants thereof; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their

and Comfort of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if present State, are incapable of any considerable Improve-

Watchmen were appointed in the said Town, and if a nient; but might be greatly improved if the same were

Foot Way or Payment were made on each Side of the divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made

Streets thereof, and Regulations enacted for keeping thereof unto the several Persons interested, according to

clean, and in Repair, the said Streets and Pavement; their rcipedtive Rights and Interests: And therefore

and it would also be of great Advantage to the Trade praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

and Commerce of the said Town, and prevent Impofi- dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common

tions on the Inhabitants, if the Baillies and Town Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Downs, in such Man-

Council of the said Town were empowered to regulate ner, and subject to tuch Regulations, as to the House

the Rates and Fares of Porters and Carters plying on the shall leem meet.

Streets, Quays, and Breads, of the said Town, and of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-9 suant

"t-

'r<l

sat

1

Muklfraorton

Inclosure Petition.

Stratford and AJcester Roads Bill, presented.

Elmnerfley, See. Indoiure Petition.

Sheerness Pier and Paving Petition, reported.

41 Geo. III. 9 0 Mar

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. mined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders Eliot,the Lord Porchefer, and Mr. EJlcourt, do prepare of the House, relative to Paving Bills, as directs Notices

and bring in, the fame. to be affixed upon the Door of the Sessions House at the

Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the County, in which A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition the Town to be paved is situate, had been complied with j of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- and that the Notices directed to be given in the News-feribed. Proprietors of Estates within the Manor and papers had been only in Part complied with, the same Parish of Maidfmcrton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and having been published Once in September and Twice in

Prebetid End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County owing to a Mistake of the Person who was di-

of Buckingham,was presented to the House, and read; redted to give the Notices; but the Parties conceiving Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, it necessary to renew the Notices in consequence of the Parishes, and Hamlets, certain Open and Common Meeting of the last Session of Parliament, they were Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, which, again inserted Three Times in The Kentish Gazette, in jn their present State, are incapable of any considerable the Month of January last, and likewise affixed upon Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific the Sessions House Doors, at the Sessions at

Allotments made to the several Persons interested, ac- Canterbury and Maidfone; and that the Committee had cording to their respective Rights and Interests, the examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had difame might be greatly improved; And therefore pray- reeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the same was read; and is as followeth; such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Hull think proper. Mr. John being examined, said, That the Har-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- bourof in the Iste ok Shoppy, is very conveni-

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the ent and advantageous to the Trade and Navigation of Earl Temple, Sir William Young, and Mr. Praed, do the Nation, in Preservation of Shipping in Stress of prepare, and bring in, the fame. Weather, and in Time of War, as well as for the im-

porting of Goods and Merchandize: That there is no Mr. Lxgen presented to the House, according to Or- Pier or Wharf for the landing of Goods from Vessels der, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and coming into the said Harbour (except that which be-enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th longs to, and is erected in, His Majesty's Dock Yard, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the at Sheerness, and, from its Situation, often endangers the Second, and the 21 ft Year of the Reign of His present Safety of Vessels lying the reto) whereby the Inhabitants Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the of the said Towns are greatly inconvenienced in shipping Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of War-and unlliipping their Cargoes, as the same is an Ob-wick, through A defer, in the said County, and Fecken-struction to the public Duty of the public Officers and ham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Artificers of the said Dock Yard: That-in consequence Worcester, and from Alcester,through Great Coughton, of there being no other Wharf or Landing Place for and Crabs Cross,in the said County of Warwick, and Goods or Passengers having occasion to come to the said

through Hewe/l Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, Towns, such Passengers pal's, and all Goods and Coition a Common called The Leek/ux, and out of Hewedmodities belonging to the said Inhabitants and others

Lane, through Church Lane and Tutne/l, to Bromsgrove,areconveyed through, His Majesty's laid DockYard, and in the said County of Worccfer: And the same was re- also the Garrison of Sheerness, which causesa public and ceived; and read the First lime. improper Highway to be made through such Dock

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time, Yard and Garrison, to the great Inconvenience of the

Inhabitants of the said Towns, and of the Officers and A Petition of Thomas C/utton, Esquire, Lord of the Artificers of His Majesty's laid Garrison and Dock Manors of Khinerjleydind Hire flex, in the County of Here- Yard. — And the Witness further said. That there is a ford, and of the several other Persons, whole Names very eligible and suitable Plot of Ground on the Sea are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and He- Beach, which is situate on the South Side of His Ma-reditaments within the Parishes of Kinnerfeyand Lctton, jesty's said DockYard, contiguous to the said Towns, in the said County, was presented to the House, and and running into the River Medway, whereon a Pier read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Pa- might be built, which would eventually be of great Be-rilhes of Kinnerfey and Letton divers Commons and . nefit to the Navigation of the River, and tend much to Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, which, in their the Increase of the Trade of the said Towns, and to the present State, are incapable of Improvement; and it Prosperity and Population thereof. — And being further would be greatly for the Benefit of the several Persons examined, the Witness laid, That the Highways, Streets, interested, if the same were divided and incioied, and Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within specific Parts thereof allotted amongst them, according that Part of the Parish of in the said Isle of

to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore (which lieth near His Majesty's laid Dock Yard

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for and Garrison of Sheerness) called' Blue Town, and Mile effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Town aforesaid, are not paved, clcanled, lighted, House shall think proper. watched, or watered, and are subject to various In-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur- croachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and are suant to t!ie Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. in some Places very incommodious and unfafefor Paf-Lygon, Mr. Biddulph, and Mr. Symonds, do prepare, and fengers and Travellers; and that it would contribute bring in, the fame. greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the

Inhabitants of the said Towns, and to all other Persons Sir Edward Knatchbullreported from the Committee, refortingto, and travelling through, the fame, if the said to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- and Places, were paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, selves and others, the Inhabitants of the Ville of Sheer- watered, and improved, and kept free from all Nui-ness, and that Part of the Parish of Minfer, in the Isle fances. Annoyances, and Obstructions. of Shoppy, in the County of Kent, called Blue Town and Mr. Ralph Dodd, an Engineer, being also examined. Mile Town, was referred; That the Committee bad exa* confirmed the above Evidence, so far as respects the Vol. 56. Ii Practicability

A. 1801.

122

Marl'd.

Practicability of erecting a Pier in the Situation before described.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Dovor and Sir Edward Knatckbullpresented to the House, ac-Rreidt Bill cording to Order, a Bill for altering, widening, and re-

p relented.' pairing, the Road leading from the Town and Port of

Dovor to the Town and Port of , through the

Parish of Walderjhare, and also the Road from the present

Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beaus field, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account re- The House being informed that Mr. from

tnishipt^pre- the Admiralty Office at Doctors Commons, attended femed. at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Appeals against Decrees, condemning Ships and Goods claimed by Neutrals, pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty of England, and the several Courts of Vice Admiralty, and the final Decrees pronounced in consequence of such Appeals, with the Dates thereof, since the Commencement of the present War.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lords have agreed to Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

Exchequer Bills Bill, on Credit of Supplies*

A Me flag e from the Lords by Mr. and Mr.

Pogham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raffing the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by Way 01 Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon have Leave of Absence for Three Weeks, on Account of the Ulnets of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Mark Wood have Leave of Ab- fence for Six Weeks, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Coote have Leave of Absence for Three Weeks, to attend the Assizes for the Queen's County in Ireland.

Mr. Ciitlieroe Ordered, That James of Brentford, in the toatum. County of MiddleJ'ex, Esquire, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Lfave of Absence.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis have Leave to attend the Assizes at Maidstone, as a Witness.

Account, and Mr. Lon* presented to the House, pursuant to their

F.ltnnates, . 1 1 „ 1V x 1 n

presented: Address to His Majesty,

Money iifutd ‘An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Addreltes.0 '^ued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to Addresses, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Long also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Iccrtt Service. s\ n Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for Nine Months, to the 31st December i8ox: And also.

An Estimate of the Sum which may be necesiary for Emigrant^, the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of; Uc'

Tou/oneJ'e and Corsican Emigrants; certain Saint Domingo

Sufferers, and American Loyalists; for Nine Months, to 31st December 1801, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services Monies ad-from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary pa,lc,eJ.for. Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not u been replaced by Parliament, specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate* were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix

to this Volume. (N°* 18.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Horses ad<U-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act passed in the Committee on 38th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act: uo^used " for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Car- for HuiUm- . " riages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting ‘ ,

" to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as charges a Duty on Horses kept and used for the Purposes of Husbandry.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill respecting Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of Matter of the the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Roils in l«-Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the Iand‘ laid Office.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'Trench took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Trench reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ^ans defer* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

Supply deferred.

Marine Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Committee on Duty on Removal of Spirits into Scotland, deferred.

Committee on Removal of prohibited East India Goods, deferred.

ExpiringLaws Bill, deferred.

Customs ad-ditionalDuties Bill, deferred.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Committee on Third Report on Provisions, deferred.

American Flour Bill, deferred.

Committee on Paper, Printed Stuffs, and Tea Duties Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon We due/Jay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted

to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty *s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of " Excise on Distilleries in , and on the Exportation of British-mzde Spirits from England to " Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu " thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing, " certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of " Distilleries in Scotland,"as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and ware-housed in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing H is Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from purluing their lawful Occupations, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raiiins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 24th Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed tq consider of the present High Price of Provisions; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the VOL. 56.

Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scale-board, made in, or imported into. Great Britain -, on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Britain from Ireland; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.

The House accordingly resolved itself Into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had, pursuant to the Power given them by the House; turned the said Bill into Two Bills; and had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning:

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the; Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited;

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that, by the present Poor Laws, all the Powers intended to be granted to the Justices of the Peace by the said Bill, are now vested in, or exercised by, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the different Parishes in England, who, from their local Situation, and the Knowledge which they have of the Characters and Situations of the Persons in their different Parishes applying to be excused from Payment of the Poor Rates, must necessarily be better enabled to determine on their Cafes than a Justice of the Peace residing, and acting out of, and at a Distance from, such Parish; and that in the ParilH of Saint George, Southwark, which is extensive, and contains near 5,000 Houses, the far greater Number of which are of very small Annual Value, there is not a Angle residing acting Justice, and the Whole of the Parochial Business of that and all the other Parishes in the Borough of Southwark, and Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, is performed by the Police Justices at Union Southwark, who have already heaped upon them an infinite Variety of Business; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, it would be utterly impossible for the Magistrates at that Office, with the most active Exertions, to do Justice to the numerous Applications for Relief from Payment of the Poor Rates under the present Bill, if passed into a Law, because it would be impossible for them personally to enquire into the individual Cafes of the Persons applying from the several Parishes within their extensive and populous District; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr are in the daily Practice of relieving very many of the Housekeepers within the Parish, whose Situation and Circumstances render such Relief neccfi'ary, from the Payment of the Poor Rates; that they fit Weekly for that Purpose, and the Petitioners are convinced that they do this with more Discrimination and Justice than any other Description of Persons could do; and that no one is ever fumtnoned for the Payment of a Poor Rate until one or more of the Churchwardens or Overseers have full actually visited the House of the Individual, seen the Situation of the Family, and enquired into its Circumstances; and the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that a similar Mode is followed by almost all the Parish Officers in and about the Metropolis; and that in the said Parish, from its particular

local

Order for Committee oil Bill to relieve certain Persons from the Poor Rates, read.

Petitipil from Southwark* against B* Bill.

A. jBot*

p° — 10° Martiu

local Situation, the Bill alluded to, if passed, would be productive of great injustice, by throwing the Payment of the principal Part of the Poor Rates upon the Shopkeepers, very many of whom are in very distressed Circumstances, but who, from the Nature of their Calling, are obliged to live in or near the principal Street, and to pay very exorbitant Rents, whilst Numbers of Persons, in much easier and more affluent Circumstances, reside in small Houses, which are very low rented, in Saint George's Fields, and its Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill, if palfcd into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the Morals of the People, particularly in Cities and great Towns, by the Multiplication of Oaths, and by making the Relief principally depend upon the Oath of the Party applying, which will operate as a Bribe for the Commission of Perjury by idle and profligate Persons, whilst: the honest, industrious, really distrelied, but modest Man, will perhaps sooner luster any Inconvenience than expose himself by appearing in a Public Hall, and openly (wearing to his Inability to discharge his Assessment, who, however, at present, frequently finds-Relief from the Parish Officers, without a Public Exposure of his Circumstances; and that the Petitioners, upon Principle, and without any particular Allulion, cannot but remark, that the Bill, if passed, will, in their Opinion, materially affect the Freedom of Election in open and populous Towns and Boroughs, and particularly within the Environs of the Metropolis, by investing the Justices, who are appointed by and under the immediate Patronage of the executive Servants of the Crown, with a large Power and Influence over great Numbers of Individuals possessing Votes, and who happen to be in the Situation intended to be benefited by the proposed Bill, and whose Franchises, the Bill expressly enacts, shall not be affcdled by such Relief: And therefore, for these Reasons, praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair $

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }*

Tellers for the Noes,

(Mr.

5* (Mr.:

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division, h>y the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The I louse was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, i o° die Martii;

' Anno 41* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

St-.ntT-oimd A Petition of the Right honourable jnciofure mul Lord Broivnlozv, Baron f in the

titknu^^ County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of

Devie, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of with

parcel, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely, and of the several other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and other Open and uninclosed 4

Lands and Grounds, containing together 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and it would be for the Benefit of the Persons iaterested if the same were divided, inclosed, drained, and otherwise improved; and if Compensation were made for all the Tythes arising from the said Lands, and from certain inclosed Lands in the same Parish:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and otherwise improving all the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wades, within the Parish of Stanground with Farcet aforesaid, and also for making Compensation for the Tythes arising from the same Lands, and also from certain inclosed Lands within the same Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,:

And it is referred to Mr. Simon Yorkc, Lord Frederick Montagu, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Tetbury thereunto subscribed, being Trudecs for executing Two 1'!VU'3 Pet'-Acts, for repairing the Roads from Let bury to Hall Down, and several other Roads therein particularly mentioned, in the County of Gloucejlwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an A<d wo* passed in the 3rd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tel bury to the Gate on the Wed of SimondsHall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Boivl Doivn Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining the Turnpike Road from Horsley to Tel bury, near Tittup's inn, and from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Common,

and from the said Road in MinchinhField unto

the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Pond in Chalford-Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the county of ; and

that another Act was passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, lo far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond, in Chalford-Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Trustees for executing the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Roads, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on those Roads, which Money cannot be paid off, nor the Roads be etheftually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as respects those Roads, is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts should be increased; and that the Road or Way leading from the said Turnpike Road at Tayloe's Mill Pond, in Chalford-Bottom aforesaid, up to, and over Birley Common, and from thence to a Place

called Foston's Ash, in the Parish of Birley aforesaid, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if Powers were given for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts

t

Willsforcl Dauntfey In closure Petition,

Sllmhrulge Iacioibrc Pe-

tkioA.

Clrcncester and CrickJade Roatfs recommitted Report, reported.

16° Martii.

125

so far as relates to the Roads comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the new Road above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. the Marquis of

Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Wafre Lands in or belonging to the

OO

Parish, Manors, or Tythings of IVilsford, otherwise WilL/ord Daunt fey, otherwise Willesford Daunt fey, in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows,' Common Pa (lures, and Commonable and YVafte Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any great Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested, if the same were divided and allotted in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Eflcourt, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or interested in, the Lands within the Parish of Slirr.bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Parish, there are several Common Fields, Common Meadows, YVafte and Commonable Lands, which are, in their preterit Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, the YVafle Lands being in an uncultivated State, and the Common Fields and Meadows lying open and intermixed; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Common Fields and Meadows, YVafte and Commonable Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Severalty, in Proportion to their rdpedtive Rights and Interests; and if all the Lands in the said Pari Hi were discharged from Tythes, by a Compensation to be made in lieu thereof: And theref ore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, Waste and Commonable Lands, and for rendering the fame, and all other Lands within the said Parish, exempt from Tythe, Modus, and Composition, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Eflcourt, the Marquis of Wor refer, and Admiral Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Eflcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts passed for repairing and widen- VOL. 56,

ing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Glouceflerf to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that a small Piece of Road, of about 400 Yards in Length, leading from a Place near the Wharf at Latton to the Town Bridge in the Parish of Cricklade, was not inserted in the Notices, it not having been determined to include that Piece of Road till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the I Joufe; but it appeared to the Committee, that no Gate is intended to be erected, or Toll taken, on the said Road, and that the Owners of Land on the Line of the said Road have no Objection to the same being made Turnpike); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: YY7hcrc the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

"Fo prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, were read: — And,

Mr. Samuel E/omfle/d Lediard being examined, said.

That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolh by the said Acts granted or continued; but the said Road cannot be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the said Money be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Provisions thereof altered and amended. — And the Witness further said, That the additional Piece of Road before mentioned is very much out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; but, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Persons passing along the said Road, or residing near thereto, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year /

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Eft* court and the Lord Porchester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Eflcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Burford Road the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- Bill, reported, ing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 201I1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Poll in Upton Field, in the Parish o( Bur ford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place, in the Parish of P rest on, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy s Fancy, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverailyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

K k A Petition

A. 1801,

Greenlaw and Lauder Roads petition.

Birmingham and Stratford Road Peti-ion.

10° Ma

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution the Acts for repairing the Turnpike Roads . from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the 'Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of to

Cortihi/l,in the County of Durham, and of the several other Persons, whot'e Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the said Roads, and for building a Bridge over the River near Goldjlream; and, by another Act, passed in the 21st Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act as relates to repairing and widening the said Roads, several Tolls and Duties were granted, and divers Powers and Authorities were given, for putting the said Acts in Execution; and that a Bridge hath accordingly been built over the River near Coldstream, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed for the building thereof, great Part of which (till remains due; and that great Progrtfs has been made in repairing the said Roads, and l'undry Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, but the Reparation and Improvement of the said Roads cannot be carried on and completed, and the Money borrowed and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that the Branches of Roads after mentioned, viz. the Road from Or angelane to Swinton, and the Road from Coldstream, by

Swintonmill,to Mountpleafant, are in many Places so deep and ruinous that Travellers cannot conveniently pass, nor can they be made, and kept in Repair, by the Funds arising from the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of the said Acts; and for enabling the Petitioners to make and repair the Branches of Road above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baillie, Sir James Steuart Denham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Four Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the 18th and 31st of King the Second, and in the 1 ith of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon,to Edgehill,in the County of W

wick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birming-..ham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have made great Progress in amending the said last mentioned Road, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, a considerable Part of which Money still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged and continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Road; and for making such Amendments therein as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George William Shuck-

lurgh Evelyn, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ire Petition for thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Nwwjndtbf Datchct, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to Road Bill, the Iloulc, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Nev)

Windsor,in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex-, and Setting forth. That the lload leading from the West End of the Village of Datchet, near the Place where the old Bridge, over the River Thames, called Datchet Bridge, formerly flood, into the said intended Road, at a Place called Southley, in the said Parish of Datchet, being in Length 1,200 Yards, or thereabouts, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if the same were made good, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill, it wrould be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all Persons residing in the Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Datchet to the said Place called Southley, and making the same communicate with the said intended new Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred toMr. Thomas Williams, Sir John derick, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, several Carmarthen Roads in the County of Carmarthen, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas

Williams, Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Sculcoate* Order, a Bill for establifiling a Court of Requests for the Small Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Sculcoates, ccj' ' pre e in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Sculcoate* Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, preihued!"' and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley,in the Parish of in

the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilber~ force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet

this

Whixley Tn-closure Bill, committed.

127

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stavelcy In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open doiure Bill, Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, couusmc Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stavelcy, in the West Riding of the County of York,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lascelles,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

little Use- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open bum indo- Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, committed. Commonable Places, and Wastes, within the Manor and , Township of Little Ujeb in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. IJenry Lascelles, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leven Canal A Petition of Charlotta Bet hell. Widow, Lady of the Petition. Manor of Levett, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the making and maintaining of a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, near the Town of Levett, in the said Riding, will not only open a Communication for the more commodious Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between the said Town . of Levett and the Port of Kingston upon but will

also tend to the Improvement of the Agriculture of the Country, by rendering the Carriage of Lime and Manure more easy and convenient, and will, in other Respedb, be of public Utility; and'that it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, that such Canal may be ealily made; and that the Petitioner is the Owner of all the Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal is proposed to be cut, and is willing and desirous to make and maintain the fame, at her own Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling her to make and maintain the said Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is relerred to Mr. Iberforce, Mr. Henry Laf-ecl/es,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

_ _ A Petition of Robert Esquire, a Pro-

tiofuie Peti- prietorof the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Township of Staxton,in the Pavifh of in the East Riding of the County of there are certain Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, which are computed to contain, in the whole, about 1,500 Acres, and that the fame, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby*aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Vol. 56.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

APetition of thethere-undersigned,beingprincipalPro- Rotherham proprietors of Houses and Lands, and Inhabitants, within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Town is a'populous and trading Town, and a public Market is, and hath for Time immemorial been, held there once in every Week, and a public Fair twice in every Year, but that the present Market Place is very insufficient for the Purposes of the Market, and the Passage along the public Streets is greatly obstructed, and rendered inconvenient to Passengers and Travellers by the Number of Stalls placed therein on Market Days, and the public Streets and Passages are at present not sufficiently cleansed and lighted, and are besides subject to various Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it would be attended with very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others frequenting the said Market, if the present Market Place was enlarged, and a Market House, with Butchers Shops, and other Shops, Slaughter Houses, Sheds, Stalls, and other Buildings, were eroded, and the Streets and Avenues leading thereto widened and improved, and p new Street opened thereto, and the several public Streets and Passages were properly cleansed and lighted, and other Improvements were made in the said Town: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Market Place, and erecting and building, a Market House, with Butchers Shops, and other Shops and Buildings, within the said Town, and for widening and rendering more commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and otherwise improving the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors now confined York and in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the R'comond _ County of York: And also, _ £5"

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison at Richmond, in the County of York:

Wrere severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Peti-

Owners of Estates in the several Townships or Hamlets tion. of Sewerby and Marten, and within the Manor of cum Alarten, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships or Hamlets, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, computed to contain, in the Whole, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Lands of the several Proprietors, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and difperled in final!

Parcels, and are in general to situate as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Per-

2o 10° Martii. 1801

ions interested, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, the same would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be considerably improved: And therefore pray-

ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Dun Vavijp- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

non etitwn. j^avjgation of the Rjver £)un, under their Common

Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, under and by virtue of several Acts, passed at different Periods, the River Dun, in the West Riding of the County of York, has been made navigable in several Parts thereof for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, at a very great Charge and Expence to the Petitioners, and the said Navigation has been, and now is, of great public Utility; but, by reason of the Mills and Works which have been made, eroded, and enlarged upon the said River, since the making and passing of the said Acts, the Navigation of the said River is in dry Seasons very much impeded and hindered, and it would greatly tend to the Improvement of the same to have several short new Cuts or Canals made from and out of the said River, to return to the same again, or to the present Cuts thereto belonging, after passing by and avoiding the Shallows and other Impediments, and toliavefome few other Alterations made in the said River, which are all very pradicable; but, the Commissioners appointed by and under the said Acts, for settling Differences which might arise between the Petitioners and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which might be taken or affected by the making of the said Alterations and Improvements, are l'o many of them dead, have removed, or refused to ad, that a sufficient Number cannot be found to execute the Trusts and Purposes of the said Acts, or any of them, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, authorized to be taken under the said Acts, are directed to be charged in a very irregular and inaccurate Manner, and might be fmiplified and more clearly afeettained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to alter, amend, and improve the Navigation of the said River Dun, and for other Purposes relating to the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Weaverthorp, A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

mition.°iUIC thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of the several Messuages. Cottages, Frontsteads, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manors, Lordships, or Townships of vertkorp, Helperihorp, East Lutton and Lull on, other-

wife Luttons Ambo, and the Parish of in

the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manors, Lordships, or Townships, and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 8,ioo Acres, or

thereabouts; and it would be of great Advantage to all the Persons interested if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and if an adequate Compensation or Satisfaction was allotted or given in lieu of all Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, arising, renewing, increasing, payable, or happening, within, upon, for or in rdpeift of the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may bd given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, ami other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Manors, Lordships, or Townships of Hc/perthorp,

East Lutton and We/lLutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, and the Parish of Weaverthorpaforesaid; and for mak-

ing an adequate Compensation or Satisfaction for or in lieu of all Tythes, both Great and Small, and other Ecclesiastical Dues aforesaid (Mortuaries and Surplus Fees only excepted) as shall be expressedjn the said Bill; and for ether the Purposes therein to be contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of Levering ton, and LevcringtonParfou Drove, in the L'lc ol in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Parish, certain Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 5,400 Acres, or thereabouts, which are much annoyed with Waters, but the same are capable of being effectually drained; and that if proper and futfi-cient Cuts, Drains, and other Works, were made and maintained, for draining and improving the said Lands and Grounds, great Benefit would accrue to all the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor draining and improving the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Adeane, Mr. Charles Yorke,-&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning* at Nine of the Clock, in' the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Leonard Clerk, on Be-

half of himself and others, interested in the Open anil Common Fields, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the I Joule, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the ia.d Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in ftnall Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and cx-pensive to the respective Proprietors, their Tenants, or Occupiers; and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them: And therefore praying, 'That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Levennetoit Drainage Petition*

B'Mtiftiam inciofure Petition.

i o° Ma

Hifton and A Petition of the several Petfons, whose Names are InctoiurePe- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and tition. others, Owners and Proprietors of E Hates in the several Parishes of Hifton and Imping!on, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respe<fl to the Houses and inclosed Lands of the several Owners, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, to and amongst them, in Proportion to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tratnpington A Petition of Francis Charles James Pemberton, urC en' Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of iTrumpington, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels* and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said Pro* prietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

&c* A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition! thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Hundreds of Wilmington, Axtane, Cods heath, and Westerham, and Eaton Bridge, the Parish and Ville of Brajled, the Parishes of Hever and Cowden, in the Hundred of Somerden, and the Parish of Ship borne, in the Hundred of Wrotkam, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said several Hundreds and Parishes are very populous, and many Persons residing, dealing, and trading, within the same, frequently contract: small Debts, which, in the Whole, amount Yearly to a great Sum of Money, and, although they are well able, often refuse to pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for the fame; and that an easy and Ijicedy Method for the Recovery cf Small Debts, within the said Hundreds and Parishes, will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit, and be of great Benefit and Utility to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Hundreds and Parishes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 56.

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two tion!* C Acts, passed in the ift and 22d Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Roads from Dartford to Northfeet and Gravesend, and from Gra'uefend to Chalk, and from Northfeet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting, forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts in Execution, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but, the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed be repaid, urtlefs the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and further Tolls authorized to be taken: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Kent street thereunto subscribed,beingTrustees for putting in Exe- Koid* Pet*, cution an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of non'

His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act is nearly expiring, and the Roads therein described cannot be kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, be continued, or further and proper Powers be granted for that Purpose; and that it would tend to the Convenience and Safety of Passengers if the said Road, or certain Parts thereof, were guarded, lighted, and watched: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Personsj Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Nottingium thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two RoadsPeti-Atfls, the one passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of Km‘

King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham,

Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling G;ecn at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and the other, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His

L 1 present

Charlton tn-closure Bill, committed.

Leotninster Canal Petition* ,

no 10° Marth. A. 1801.

present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, authorized to put the said Acts into Execution, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which Sums still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually improved and kept in good Repair, unless the said former Acts be continued for a further Term, and the Tolls and Powers thereby granted, altered, and enlarged; or, instead thereof, greater and other Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, be granted for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efteftuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw , Mr. AJIley,

ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of , in the

Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. of Salisbury, Mr. HuJJ'ey, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of by or through

Leominster, to join the River Severn near,

in the County of Worcester; and that another Act was palfed, in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, to finifih and complete the same; and that the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Canal, and erected Locks, aqueducts, Bridges, and other Works, authorized and empowered to be made by the first recited Act; and that the said Company of Proprietors were, by the Act of the 31st of His present Majesty, empowered to raise the Sum of £.150,000. but have been only able to raise the Sum of £.68,582. Part of the said Sura so intended to be subscribed, and which has proved very inadequate even to complete the Works of the said Canal hitherto finished, and the Proprietors have thereby incurred a Debt to sundry Persons, to the Amount of £.25,000. and which Sum is due and owing from the said Company;' and that a great Part of the said Canal dill remains unfinished, and cannot be completed without a further additional Sum of Money over and above the Sum of £.25,000. so wanted to pay the Debts before Hated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, with more effective Powers than are contained in the former Bills, to enable the said Company of Proprietors to raise a further Sum of Money to pay their Debts, and complete the said Canal, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

S

And it is referred to Mr. William Baylor, Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir7<j/5« Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Persons* thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Selkirk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurnpike Bills, the Application being only for regulating the Statute Labour within the said Shire; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Right honourable Lord Napier informed your Committee, That the Laws now lubfifting in Scotland, for making of Roads, have been found ineffectual in the County of Selkirk, and other and further Powers are necessary, in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution; and Doubts have arisen, in some Cafes, who are chargeable towards repairing the Highways; and it is attended with Difficulty and Trouble, to make effectual, and properly apply, the Statute Work in the said County: — That a reasonable Composition in Money, instead of Labour, is, in many Places, found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the fame; and it will be of Advantage to the said County to convert the Services into Money, and ascertain the Rates and Mode of levying the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, making, and repairing, the High Roads in the County of Selkirk: And that Sir John Stuart, the Earl of Dalkeith, and Mr. Baillie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of Hadstock,in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bullock, Mr. Bramftou, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Manor of Tho-rington Hall, in the Parish of in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, containing, in the Whole, 120 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of very little Value; but, if divided and allotted unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested, according to their several and respective Rights, and

Selkirk Roads Petition, imported.

Haddock

Inclosure

Petition*

Thoringtoa

Inclosure

Petition.

Culham

Bridge Roads Petition.

East, West,

and Wildniore Fens Drainage petition.

such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bullock, Mr. Bramston, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of certain Turnpike Roads leading from the End of Cul/iam Bridge next to Cul/iam, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar , in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield,in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Bridge,

and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and another Act was made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, whereby the Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act were extended to the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of ,to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of , and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; and some further Powers were given for repairing the last mentioned Roads; and that by another Act, passed in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Acts (except such Parts thereof as were thereby varied, altered, or repealed) were, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the said Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon aforesaid, and from the said Mayor's Stone to Shippon aforesaid, and from' thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield aforesaid, enacted to be in force, and to have Continuance fora further Term, and thereby the said last mentioned Roads are directed to be called and distinguished by the Name of The Fyfield D if riel of Roads; and that a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Act of the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and charged on the Tolls arising within the said Fyfield District of Roads, whereof the Petitioners are Trustees, still remains due and owing; and such Money cannot be paid off, and the said last mentioned Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts fcc further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, so far as they relate to the said Fyfield District of Roads, and the Tolls in the said Dif-

tri<fl increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Contideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles , Mr.

Anv.efley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are

Vo l. 56.

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselvesand others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates having Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the East, West, and WilFens, in the County or Lincoln, and also of the several other Persons, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the several Pari Hies of Wrangle, Fvifk-ney, Wainfleet St. Mary s, and Wainfleet All Saints, in the said County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Trails of Fen Land, Moors, or Marsh Grounds, in the County of Lincoln, called The East, W, and Fens, containing together 40,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which are subject and liable to be overflowed by divers Streams of Upland Waters, and also by Downfall and Soakage Waters, occasioned by heavy Rains, by reafen of the level Situation thereof, and are greatly injured by the said Upland, Downfall, and Soakage Waters, not having a proper Passage to the Sea; and that certain Parts of the Estates, having Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the said Fens respectively, and also divers Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Wrangle, Frijkney, Wainfleet Saint Mary's, and Wainfleet All Saints, aforesaid, are subject and liable to be overflowed, and otherwise injured, by Downfall and Soakage Waters, as well by reason of the level Situation of a great Part thereof, as of the Insufficiency of the present Drains and Water Courses to contain and convey those Waters to the Outfall; and that it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners, and others interested in the said Premises, and of great public Utility, if the same were thoroughly drained, which, by divers Levels and Surveys, lately taken and made, appears practicable: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Sir Robert Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine af the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Estates, having Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in, over, and upon, the East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are certain TraCls of Fen Land, Moors, or Marftr Grounds, in the County of Lincoln, called The East and West Fens, containing together 29,348 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, and the Lords or Ladies of other Manors, or supposed Manors, claim certain Rights and Privileges, and the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, adjoining to, and in the Neighbourhood of, the said East and West Fens, have and exercise certain Rights and Common of Pasture thereon; and that it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners and others, interested in the said Fens, and of great public Utility, if the same were divided into parochial and other Allotments, under proper Rules and Regulations to be established for the Use and Enjoyment thereof, and if such parochial and other Allotments were subdivided and allotted amongst the several Parties interested therein respectively, and such Subdivisions and Allotments, inclosed; and that it is apprehended, when the said Fens are divided, inclosed, and improved, as proposed.

East and West Fens Tnclc-sure, See. Petition.

132 10° Mar til iSoi.

fcirt>jr ah(\ Fornham Inclosure Petition.

Carlton, &c.

Inclosure

Petition.

the same will, in course of Time, be inhabited, in which Cafe, from the great Extent thereof, the Persons dwelling or inhabiting towards the Centre, will be far distant from any Church or Chapel, and it will therefore be expedient that some Part of the said Fen should be constituted a Parish or Parishes, and Provision made for erecting a Church there, and also for erecting Chapels, where requisite, for the Celebration of Divine Worship therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Sutton, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the several Parishes of Rijhy and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parishes, which lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and the Petitioners are delirous that the same should be set out, and allotted unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors within the said Parishes, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think just, and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situated in the several Parishes of Carlton, Colville, Oulton, and Kirtley, otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes, several Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, i,oooo Acres, or thereabouts, and lying Open to each other; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Commonable Messuages and Cottages, and Tofts, (being the Scites of ancient Commonable Messuages or Cottages) with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, within the said Parishes, and have in respect thereof a Right' of Common, and of cutting Rushes, and Firing, in and upon the said Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that the said Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, in their open and uncultivated State, yield very little Profit; but, if divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, or being otherwise interested therein, might be inclosed, cultivated, and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir

Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Burch have Leave to attend the Leave of Ab-Assizes for the County of Norfolk. feate;

Ordered, That Sir Marcus Somerville have Leave of Absence for a Month, to attend the AlTizes for the County of Meath.

Ordered, That Mr. Sneyd have Leave of Absence for a Month, to attend the Affixes for the County of Cavan.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Tythe Leafa enable the Clergy to let Leases of their Tythe, fora Bill, or Jered. limited Period, under certain Restricftions: And that Sir Henry PaulctSaint John Mildmay, Mr. Ef court, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 24th Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the 1 louie will pleaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. The Lord* Popham: hlve pa^ed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bouinois* naturalizing William Bouinois; to which the Lords Nat Bill-desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Clement;'* naturalizing Muzio Clementi; to which the Lords Nat'BllL desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Collogny'* naturalizing Mark Anthony De Collogny; to which the Nat' ®‘1L' Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* House, That the Lords do request that this House will ot Reporu* be pleased to communicate to their Lordlliips, a Copy reflecting of the Reports, made from the Committee appointed ^j,lcRe* by this House to enquire into the State of the Public c Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper, and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will lend an Answer to Th-House that Part of the Message from the Lords, which requells that this House would be pleased to communicate to their Lordlliips, a Copy of the Reports therein mentioned, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report of the several Bills, which were directed to be rep orud. reported from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom

Printed Stuffs Duties Bill, reported.

Report from Committee on Doty on Holies uied for Husbandry.

whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into, Great Britain; on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into* Great Britain from Ireland-, and on Tea imported into, and

fold in, Great Britain, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Bragge reported from the said Committee, That

the Committee had gone through the First of the said Bills, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into, Great Britain; and on Tea imported in to, and fold in Great; and had made

several Amendments thereuhto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge also reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the other of the said Bills, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into. Great Britain from Ireland and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftewards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of so much of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act. " for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to " His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," as charges a Duty on Horses kept and used for the Purposes of Husbandry, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed:; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person, occupying a Farm, the Rack Rent of which shall be less than Twenty Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any other Estate on any Tenure, otherwise than as Tenant, at Rack Rent, or such other Estate, together with a Farm, at Rack Rent, the Value of which, in the Whole, shall be less than equivalent to a Farm, at the Rack Rent of Twenty Pounds a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate, occupied by the Owner thereof, on any Tenure except at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the like Amount of any Farm at Rack Rent) and making a livelihood solely by such Occupation, and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, in the Whole, shall be chargeable with any of the Duties imposed by the said Act, for, or in respect of, such Horles, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, provided such Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, be bond side kept and used for the Purposes of Husbandry.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word "Twenty," and inserting the Word " Fifty," instead thereof.

Vo h.56.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Cluufe, pursuant to the said Resolution, upon the Third Reading of the Bill, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill to reliev* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the Poor Kate*, . Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Paro- dctcrrtd-chial Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited.

The House being informed that Mr. William Boucher, Proceeding* Notary Public and Deputy Register of the Diocese of Sarutn \was attending, according to Order; Mr. Boucher,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- &Ci posed. That the said William Boucher be called in, and examined;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ jlnes"!', } 66‘

Tellers for the Noes,[ } XS°:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said William Boucher be called in, and examined.

And he was called in accordingly; and, at the Bar, produced a Book, containing the several Acts done by the Bishops of Salisbury, during the Time to which the said Book relates; and was examined relating thereto.

And the said. Book was delivered in at the Table; and an Entry therein, purporting that John Horne was ordained Priest on the 23d Day of November 1760, was read.

And then Mr. Boucher withdrew.

Then Mr. Thomas Wilson, Clerk of the Church of,

Chapelry of New Brentford, in the County of attending also, according to Order, was called in, and examined with respect to the Reverend John Horne having officiated for several Years in the Chapel at Brentford, as Minister, in Priest's Orders.

And then he wasdirested to withdraw.

Then James Clitheroe, of Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, attending also, according to Order, was called in, and examined with respect to the said Matter, and also with respect to the said Reverend John Horne having afterwards taken the Name of

And then he was directed to withdraw. 1

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to Committee examine the Journals of this House, and Records of Parliament, for Precedents, respecting the Eligibility frecedenu. of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House; and to report the same to the house:

And a Committee was appointed of the Earl,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir William Scott, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Simeon, Sir William Young, Mr. Grey, Mr. Blackbof Lancashire,

Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Mr.

Dickins, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Martin of Galway, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Bond, Mr. Er/line, Mr. Mr. Wynn, Mr. Tierney, and Sir Francis Burden: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

M m Ordered,

io° Ma.

1801.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Accounts, Sec.

resp.cting Ireland# ordered) Consolidated Fuad.

Treasury.

Wicklow Gold Mine.

Statutes.

Heralds* 5cc.

Battle Axe Guard*.

Printing Proclamations* See.

Law Courts.

Criminal Pro-fee ut ions

Public Offenders.

Civil Buildings.

Port of Dublin.

Public Offices in Dublin.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland,at the ift Day of January 1801, so far as the same can be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Incidental Expences of the Treasury in Ireland, for O ie Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

Ordered, That there be l^id before this House, an Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of working the Gold Mine in the County of Wuklow, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of Statutes at Large for the Ul'e of the Members of the late Parliament of Ireland, and who were entitled to them, and have not yet received them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of Cloathing His Majesty's Heralds, Purfui-vants, and State Trumpeters, in Ireland, for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards, due the ift Day of June 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of printing Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending 5th January 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of Law Courts in Ireland for the Year 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Charge of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate under the Head of Civil Buildings, from the ift Day of January 1801 to the 5th Day of January 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of

Dublin, for One Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Purfuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices, for One Year.

Estimate of Expence of Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards, due on ift June 1801: And also,

Estimate of Expence of printing Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending 5th January 1802: And also,

Estimate of the Sum necessary in order to pay Artificers, and complete the East Wing of the Public Offices at the Law Courts: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802: And also,

Estimate of the Charge for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1802: And also,

Estimate under the Head of Civil Buildings, from the ift January 1801 to 5th January 1802: And also. An Estimate of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin for 1801: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Castle, and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy, Purfuivants, and Extra Messengers, attending the said Offices, for One Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Estimates, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account, and Estimates, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Battle Axe Guards.

Printing Proclamations, &c.

Law Courts.

Criminal Pro-fee utions.

Public Offenders.

Civil Buildings.

Port of Dublin.

Public Offices in Dublin.

Appendix

(No. 19.)

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Stamps addl- Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, BU^drferred. Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, be read the 1 hird Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the PortageDutit* Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and grant- BlU* deterred* ing other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts, &c. reflecting Ireland, pre-fen ted:

Consolidated

Fund.

Treasury#

Wicklow Gold Mine.

Statute*.

Herald*# &c.

The House being informed, that Mr. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, at the ift Day of January 1801, so far as the same can be ascertained: And also, Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Chame of Incidental Expences of the Treasury in Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802: And also, Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of working the Gold Mine in the County of for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802: And also,

Estimate of Expence of Statutes at Large for the Use of the Members of the late Parliament of Ireland, who were entitled to them, and who have not yet received them: And also,

Estimate of Cloathing His Majesty's Heralds, Purfuivants, and State Trumpeters, for Three Years, from the 25th March 1801,: And also,

1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refove itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the £9th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of " Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to " land, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; " and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain " Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries " in Scotland;" as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland.

Resolved,

Horses additional Duties Bill# deferred.

Bill respecting the Office of Master of the Rolls in Ireland# deferred.

Marine Mutiny Bill# deferred.

Committee on Daty on Removal of Spirits into Scotland# deferred.


Committee on prohibited East India Goods, deferred

Expiring laws Bui, deferred.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

American Flour Bill, deferred.

Coulton Inclosure Feti-don.

Boston, &c.

Allotment

ftu&on.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the Britt/k Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstru3ing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstru3ing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 11° die Martii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of Coulton, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested, to whom it would be greatly advantageous if the several Rights of Common to which the same are subje3 were extinguished, and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that \r. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of ‘ divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Beighton, Lingwood, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield very little Profit to the several Persons interested; and it would be greatly advantageous to them, if the several Rights of Common, Vol. 56.

Martii, 135

to which the same are subje3, were extinguished, and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-ftri3ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Blofield and Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes a certain Open Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the said Open Field is inconveniently situated for the respective Owners thereof, and the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested if the same were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restri3ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the several Parishes of Happish and Lejftngham, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant. Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds; and that the Open and Common Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, within the said Parish of Happishurgh, are fub-je3 to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights and Interests, and the said Open Fields, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parishes, lie intermixed and dispersed in several Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights and Interests, were extinguished, and if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restri3ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Bcrgh-Apton, Tkurton, Telverton, -

ton, and Holvefton,in the County of Norfolk, was pre-

fented

Blofield, Indofiire Petition.

H.ippifhurgh, &c. Incloliir* Petition.

BerghApton, tec. Inclosut* Petition,

A. 1801.

Potter

Heigham Allotment and Drainage Petition.

Burgh and Kiliockby AW lotinent and Drainage Petition.

i % 6

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Parishes, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield very little Profit; and it would be greatly advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the several Rights of Common, to which the same are subject, were extinguished, and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Ite-strictions, as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That Leave lx given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. A ft ley, Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Brozvne Fulkes do prepare, and'bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Potter Heigh am, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appu'.tenant, Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, and certain Marshes, Fens, and Waste Grounds; and that the said Open and Common Fields', and Half Year or Shack Lands, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights and Interests; and the said Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Grounds, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights and Interests, were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; and if such Commons, Half Year or Shack Lands, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Avail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AJiley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the several Parishes of Burgh and in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant, Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, sundry Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds; and that the said Open Fields are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; and the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, for Want of sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Ground:, 6

were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; and if the said Marsh Lands, and such Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, as are liable to be overflowed with Water, were drained; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Re ft: rid ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine'of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Hirkling, in the County of to which

are appendant or appurtenant. Rights of Common over and upon the Commons, l em, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and a certain Tract of Marsh or Fen Land, called Motley, and also certain other Marsh and Fen Lands; and that the said Open Fields and Marsh Land are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; and the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Marsh Lands anti Grounds, arc frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the Rights of Common, and other Rights at present existing over the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were extinguished, and if the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Marsh Land, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; and if the same were drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AJiley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of South WalfhamSaint Lawrence, and South Walfiam Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, a certain Open Field, and certain Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and that the said Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, and Half Year Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners thereof, and the said Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, yield very little Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and if the said Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were

drained;

HSdJing A!, lotment and Drainage Petition.

South Waltham Allotment and Drainage Petition,

drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under ' such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House thall

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Coke of,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mitford and A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

poor Petition thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditck, in the County of , was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Year 1775, an Act was passed for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundreds, by virtue of which the said Hundreds were incorporated, and Directors and Guardians were appointed and chosen, for the Purpose of carrying the Provisions of the said Act into Execution; part of a large House was erected for the Reception of the Poor of the said incorporated Hundreds, and a considerable Debt was incurred in building and furnishing the same; and that, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, a certain fixed Annual Payment, or Contribution, was charged upon each of the Parishes within the said incorporated Hundreds, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences incurred in.erecting the said House, and for the Support and Employment of the Poor maintained therein; and that the said Act has, under the Experience of upwards of Twenty Years, been found very inadequate to its pro-felfed Object, viz. the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and that the average Annual Payments, imposed and fixed under the Authority of the said Act, upon the said respective Parishes, are in many Instances, and in a high degree, dilproportionate, to the manifest Injury of several of the said Parishes, numerous Instances of which the Petitioners are prepared to prove to the House; and that, in Addition to the Money originally borrowed, a further Debt to a considerable Amount has been unavoidably incurred, in the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said incorporated Hundreds, and the Annual Contributions imposed under the said Act are inadequate to the Purpose of keeping down the Interest of the Debt, and defraying the ordinary Expences of the House, and of supplying the Poor with temporary Relief out of the House; and that the said incorporated Hundreds comprize Fifty Parishes, many of which are large and populous; and, from various Errors and Defects in the present System of Management, established under the Authority of the said Act, the Situation of the poor Persons maintained in the said House is in many Respects improper, the Children brought up therein become of little or no Use to the Community, and the Condition of the labouring Poor, residing in the said Hundreds, and endeavouring to maintain themselves and their Families by their Labour, is rendered in many Respects miserable and wretched, no , Diicrimination being made between the worthy and industrious and the idle and profligate, nor any Encouragement held out to Perlevcrance in Habits of Sobriety and honed Industry; and that it is necessary some effectual Measures should be speedily taken to remedy the Inconveniences and Mischiefs already prevailing, and to provide for the further and better Relief, Support, and Management, of the Poor within the said incorporated Hundreds; and, for this Purpose, it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Act should be repealed, and other Regulations substituted instead thereof, and further and other Provision made for the better Relief, Support, and Management of the Poor within the said incorporated Hundreds: And therefore praying. That Vo l. 56.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as the Nature and Circumstances of the same may require, and as to the House shall seem fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AJiley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and nave Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Reading Execution several Acts, made in the 4th Year of King George the First, the 9th and 30th Years of King George the Second, and the 18th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Corner,

in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and further and other Powers granted for more effectually widening and repairing the said Roads; and that it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public, if the Petitioners were enabled to divert the Course of the said Road, and to carry the same from or near a certain Pond, called The King's Head Pond, in the Parish of Saint Giles, in Reading aforesaid, through Three Mile Cross, and over Two Bridges at or near Sheepbridge Mill, in the Parish of Swallow field, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, to join and communicate with the present Road near the Seven Mile Stone, and also to continue the Road from the Tanners House, in to join the Turnpike Road leading from to

Basingsloke; and that it would tend to the more ealjr and convenient Execution of the said Acts, if the Powers and Provisions thereof were reduced into one Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AnnefieyMr. George tart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Weston on thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road tion. at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County; and that considerable Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and charged on the Tolls arising on the said Road, still remain due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

N n dered.

Headington

Allotment

Petition.

Otmoor

Drainage

Allotment

Petition.

138 11° Martii. A- i8of.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Mr. Annefiley, Mr* George Van-fit tart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Mayne Whoruooood, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Headington, in the County of Oxford, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Headington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to be very inconvenient to the Occupiers thereof; and, if the same were divided, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties, according to their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Mr. Annefiley and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of his Grace George Duke of Marlborough, id and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Township of Berkley, and the Hamlets of Horten and in the

Parish of Beckley, the Parish of Noke, the Parish of Od-dington, the Township of Charlton, and the Hamlets of Fencott and Moorcott, in the Parish of Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the several Parishes of Berkley, Noke, Oddington, and Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or some or one of them, a certain Low Common, or Wade, called ,containing about

4,000 Acres, and that the Petitioners, with others, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Townships, Hamlets, and Parishes, have a Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste; and that the said Common or Waste is overflowed with Water a considerable Part of the Year, and, during such Time, is of little or no Use to the Proprietors, but is capable of being drained, and by that Means much improved in Value; and that, by Reason of the great Extent of the said Moor, and the Intermixture of the Cattle of the Inhabitants of the different Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets, aforesaid, much Inconvenience ariles; and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Common should be drained, and divided into so many Parts as there are dif-tindt Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common upon the fame, which would be to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and improving the said Common or Waste, for dividing the lame, and setting out specific Parts thereof for the several Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets, respectively, and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, or interested therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-7

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Annefiley, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record*.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of IVeedon, in the Parish of Harduicke, in the County of Buckingham,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of the ift Day of December last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 45 Acres, who refused tofign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed confilts of 1,797 Acres and 1 Perch; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses, or Residents, within the Parish of near the City of

Bath, in the County of Somerfi, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, are very insufficiently paved, ftcaned, pitched, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and, for Want of a proper and efficient Police, are subject to many Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Inconveniencies; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation of Persons residing in, or resorting to the said Parish, if proper Powers were established for paving, (leaning, pitching, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the fame, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies, and for establishing a proper and efficient Police therein; and also, to licence and regulate a convenient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, to limit their Distances, and fix their Fares, with Rules and Orders for their due Regulation; and that, in order to provide a Fund towards defraying the Expences of carrying into Execution the several Purposes aforesaid, it is expedient that a Toll should be laid on Carriages and Horses conveying Coal through the said Parish; and that a Penalty be on Persons for bathing naked in the River or Canal, within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir -

ney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition

Weedon Inclosure Bill, reported.

Bathwick

Paving,

Petition*

n" Ma

139

Grand June- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition!31 Grand Junflion Canal, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and certain Collateral Cuts from the same; and that another Act was made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, bury , and IVcndover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with the said Grand 'Junction Navigation, and for amending the said Act; and that another Act was made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut from the Grand Junction Canal in the Precinct of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex,to Paddington, in the said County; and that

other Acts were passed in the 36th and 38th Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, for granting further Powers to the Petitioners; and that, in pursuance of the Powers granted to them by the said Acts, the Petitioners have proceeded in the several Works thereby authorized to be done, and have nearly finished the fame, but some Parts of the Works remain incomplete; and that, in setting out and making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, it has been found expedient, and for the Public Benefit, to deviate in several Places from the Lines in which the same were, by the said Acts, authorized to be made, but such Deviations have in all Cases been with the Consent of the Owners of the Lands through which the same were made, as authorized by the said Acts; and that the Petitioners find their Expences have been considerably increased beyond the original Estimate, from the great Advance in the Price of Labour, and all Sorts of Materials, whereby they have contracted Debts to a considerable Amount; and it is expedient that they should be authorized to provide for the Discharge of the said Debts, and to finish and complete the whole of the said Works; and it is necessary that the Powers veiled in them by the said Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for effedling the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem ' meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Main-waring, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

SparmSmithy A Petition of James Falconer, Doctor in Divinity, on and North- Behalf of himself and others, Mortgagees of the Tolls Eetitioju^5 granted and continued by Two Acts, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elion,to the Town of in the County

Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was palfed, in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Ellon, through the Town of and by Spittle

Hill, in Stanthorne,to Bridge; and from Spittle

Hill to the Town of North-witch, in the County Palatine of Chester; and that another Act was parted, in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said recited Act; and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, nr w the Property of the Petitioner, and others; which Money is still due and owing, together with a large Arrear of Interest, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers Vol. 56.

thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fdr continuing the Term, and altering and amending the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Grosvenor, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the one, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County* of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton, in the County of Derby; and the other, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Peter Wright being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be sufficiently improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of King's Brampton, Upton, and Shi/gate, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Notice of setting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which, being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Payment of the Coils of Partitions.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then

MaccJcsfield Roads Petition, reported.

King's Brompton, &c. Inclosure Bill, passed.

ii° Marti*.

A. 1801.

Then the Amendment following was prop died to be fnade to the Hill; viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 40. To leave out " any One Party," and inlert " the several Parties interested,

" signified by Writing under their Hands, but not otherwise," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at tire Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of King's Brampton, Upton, and in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Maidstone A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the County

(j*ol Petition, of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscrilxd, was presented to the House, and lead; Setting forth, That by an Act made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Wellcrn Divi lion of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, the Justices acting for the Wellcrn Division of the said County were enabled to build a Gaol; and that the said JuHices, acting under the Directions of the said Act, purchased a convenient Piece of Ground at Maicm, in the said County, and did thereon build a Gaol, the Expences of which Purchase and Building were discharged out of the Surplus of the County Stock, then in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County, and by Rates, as directed to be made by the above-mentioned Act; and that, ever since the building of the said Gaol, the Expences of repairing the same have been discharged by Sums of Money raised within the said Western Division, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that, for a Tories of Years pall, sanctioned by no Law but Custorh, the said County hath been divided into an Eallern and Western Division; that the East-tern Division hath contributed towards the Maintenance of such Prisoners only as were lent to the Felons Part of the said Gaol from such Division, and the Wellcrn Division hath, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of such Division, supported all the Prisoners lent from the said Wellern Division to the said Gaol; that such Custom is partial, unjust, and oppressive, inasmuch as from the Contiguity of the said Western Division to the Metropolis, the Prisoners committed from that Division lar exceed the Number of Prisoners from the Eastern Division, and the consequent Expence therefore impolcd on the Inhabitants of the Western Division exceeds, in an unreasonable Proportion, the Expence of the Eastern Division; and that, independent of the Repair of the said Gaol being borne exclusively by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division, they support all'o, at their foie Charge, two Bridewells, lituate in the Western Division, viz.one at Maidstone, and one at; and

that all Debtors in the Custody of the Sheriff of the said County are confined in the said Gaol at A and the Expence charged to the County for their Maintenance, whether they be sent from the Eastern or Western Division of the said County, is borne solely by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division; and that the said Gaol is the only Prison of the said Sheriff, and the Keeper of it is the only Gaoler from whom the said Sheriff takes a Security; and that, as the JuHices as well of the Eastern as of the Western Division of the County are appointed under one and the same Commission, and the Police of the County is general, the Petitioners submit, that the Expence incident to the

due Administrationofit ought to attach on the Inhabits

tants of the whole County at large; and that it is unjust: and inequitable that, from any Circumstance of Locality, one District of a County, in a Matter which afflfts the Interest of the whole, should, for the furtherance of general Joffice, be partially burthened; and the Petitioners, conceiving the general Rate for the County, in its present mode of Alii ifment, to be unequal j beg Leave toreprefciu to the House, that it is highly expedient Power should be given to the JuHices of the Peace for the said County, in their General or Quarter Sessions aft'emhlel, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose, to alllb and tax rateably, and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent, or Value, of Estates, all and every the Parishes, Towns, Libeilies,

Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Count v, for and towards the lame, and to be applied for all the Purposes and Objects to which the County Kate is by La.v liable: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to b:ing in a Bill for repealing so much, of the above-mentioned Act made in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the Second as requires that the said Gaol at ALddjione should be repaired cx-clufively at the Expence of the said W'cftcrn Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in finch Manner as other County Gaols are, by Law, directed to be repaired; and al:o to give Power to the JuHices of the Peace for the said County, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal Rate for the whole of the said County, to be applied for the general Purposes of tire fad County, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the llouft shall Hem expedient.

Ordered, That tire laid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IVillium Sir Kuatchbull,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Stnnton in-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ot hers, b^ure Pcti* Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Lordship of Stanton, in the Parish of EH aft on, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lordship, several Commons or Wuftc Grounds, containing together 70° Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but, if the same were divided into speciltc Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would ariic from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton and Lord Granville Leveson Gower do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed by Bishop'* Caf-Virtueof Two Acts, passed in the 8th and 25th Years gomeryRoad* of the Reign of His present Majesty; the First, for Petition, amending and widening several Iloads leading from the Town of BiJJiop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at fVeJtbury, and from to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and the Second, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 8 th Year of His pre-

lent

sent Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bish Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from-Bratton to the Turnpike Road at Minferley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery -, and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the said Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of making and repairing the said Roads; which Monies Rill remain due and unpaid, and the same cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposesj and that the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road, leading from Bishop's Castle to Watling Street Road, at or near a certain Place, in the Parish of Bishop's called The

Cross Gate, to Kempton, in the Parish of in the County of Salop -, and also the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from the to Kempton, by

Edgton Horderley, and over Hawkhurst Common, and

joining the Turnpike Road leading from Church Stretton to Ludlow, near to the Marsh; and also the Road leading from Newton Green, by Pool and the

New house, and joining the Turnpike Road between Ludlow and Much fVenlock, near to a certain Farm, called Elfage, otherwise EIJich, in the Parish of Diddlebury, in the said County of Salop; and also the Road leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, by Broughton, Af.on, and Pentre, and joining the present Turnpike Road, leading from Bishop's Castle to Montgomery, at or near the Court House, in the Parish of Churchjloke, in the said County of Montgomery; and also the Road from the Town of Bishop's Castle, by Snead, Churc, and Chirbury, and joining the present Turnpike Road, leading Irom Montgomery to Pool, near a Public House, called The Golden Cock, in the Parish of For den, and County of Montgomery; and also the Road leading from Snead, in the County of Montgomery, by Bromley through Lyd-

liam, and joining the present Turnpike Road, leading from Bishop's Castle towards Longden, in the County of Salop, at or near Lydham's Heath, in the Parish of Lyd-ham, and County of Salop j and also the Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road from Pool to Newtown, in the County of Montgomery, at the Finger Polt near Bryn-y-derwyn, in the Parish of by Caerhowell,

and Gunley, and joining the present Turnpike Road, from Montgomery to Shrewsbury, near Marton, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious lor Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Courie of Law , and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying adjacent to the said Reads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, changed, and diverted into proper Directions, and rendered lafe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts -, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads hereinbefore described, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

V o l. 56.

And it is referred to Mr. Clive, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Parish and Manor herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth. That there is a certain Open Common Field, lying and being within the Parish of West Horjeley, in the County of Surrey, and also divers Commons and Waste Lands, within or belonging to the Manor of WestHorjeley, in the said Parish of West Horse-

ley, which might be much improved, if divided and allotted among the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and other Commonable Wastes and Grounds; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated for the Purposes of Cultivation, and it would be a great Benefit to all Persons interested, if the said Common Fields, and also the said Common Downs, and other Commonable Wastes and Grounds, were divided and allotted amongst them, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Rufjell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates, in the Township of Ruston Parva, otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, computed to contain, in the Whole, upwards of 900 Acres j and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in fmallParcels, and are, in general, so situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient, andl the fame, in their present State, are not capable of much Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the said Proprietors, that the said Lands and Grounds should be divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

O o Ordered,

West Horfir ley Inclosure Petition.

Fetcham Inclosure Petition.

Rufton Parva Inclosure Pe. tit ion.

Surrey- Roads Petition.

Petition of the Butchers of Kingiton upon Hull.

11

Martii.

A. i8ox.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick, Mr. Samuel Thornton, and Mr. do prepare) and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting into Execution an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Sun ey, to Highgate, in the County of Sufj'eand to Sutton and ston, and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Beckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox tinder the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to IVitchcross, in the County of Snssex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution; and confulerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which Money dill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that certain Roads, leading from Nine Elms, near Vauxhall, over Battersea Fields and Bridge Fields, to the Turnpike

Road leading through the Town of Wandsworth; also from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, over Wandsworth Common, to the Turnpike Road leading through Tooting; also from the said Turnpike Road leading through the Town of Wandsworth, near the Spread Eagle there, through Garratt Lane, to the Turnpike Road at Lower Tooling, might be made much more safe and useful to the Public, if the same were properly amended and widened, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Roads, if the said recited Act was wholly repealed, and all the Powers and Authorities necessary to be granted or continued for repairing all the said Roads were consolidated in one Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William RuJJell, &c.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Butchers, redding in the Town and Neighbourhood of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the last Session, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the Damage of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and that the Petitioners conceive the Evil intended to be remedied by such Act, if any, is small, and appears to be more imaginary than real, inasmuch, as in all Cafeswhere any Hide or Skin happens to be cut or galhed in the Flaying, the Butchers, who are the Owners and Sellers thereof, arc the greatest, if not the only Sufferers, because it hitherto has been, and will continue to be, the Custom for the Tanners and Skinners to inspect the Hides before they purchase them, and, whenever any Damage has been done thereto, the Butchers are constantly obliged to take an inferior Price for them; it is therefore evident, that the Butchers are equally interested with, if not more so, than the Skinners and Tanners, in preventing the gaihing of 5

Hides; and that such Act, instead of increasing, is likely to diminish the Revenue, and the Quantity of Leather heretofore manufactured, because, from the very great Difficulty, if not Impossibility, in preventing the gaihing of Hides, and owing to the numerous Penalties incurred thereby, few Persons, if any, will now attempt to flay a fallen Bead, the Hide or Skin thereof in many Cafes not being equal in Value to the Penalties incurred by the Person flaying the fame; and, that by one Clause of the said Act, which prevents the flaying of a Bead below the Knee or Gambul, the Revenue particularly differs a Loss in the Duty upon Leather, at kail of Four Pence by every Beast, and a great Quantity of Leather is thereby also loft, which might be made highly useful in making Childrens', and the inner Soles of other Shoes; and that, from the Operations of this Act, Butchers in general are prevented from taking and employing Apprentices, who are essentially requisite in their Business, and particularly in the flaying of Beads, because, if not from their Inattention, yet certainly fromtheir Inexperience and want of Skill, they cannot avoid occasionally gaihing the Hides more or less; vet there is not, even in this Cafe, any Provision or Exception in Favour of the Butcher, so as to exempt him from the manift.ld Penalties that attach to him, notwithstanding he is most evidently the greated, if not the only, Sufferer; and that the said Act does not seem to be calculated to produce any public Good, and, from its numerous and heavy Penalties, is productive of much Litigation, and is fraught with aimed endless Trouble and Inconvenience to the Country Butchers, who, by many of its midaken Regulations, and from the Ignorance and Prejudices of the Inspectors appointed under it, and front being obliged to attend at inconvenient Hours, and didant Places of inspection, are greatly obdructed and impeded in the free Exercise of their Calling; and that such Act is also partial and oppressive to the Country Butchers, inasmuch as the Butchers in the Metropolis, and for Fifteen Miles round the Royal Exchange in London, are wholly exempt from any of its numerous Inconveniences and Penalties, although no solid Reason appears why they should not be equally subject: thereto with the Country Butchers; And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to repeal the said Act; and that it will be ever the Study of the Petitioners to avoid as little as possible the gashing of Hides, and to endeavour always to merit the Approbation of the House, and the Community at large.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other - Owners of Estates, in the several Manors or Lord ships of Erdington and Wilton,in the Parish of Aston junta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors or Lordships, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and also Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole, by Edimation, 1,130 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Common Fields lie very much intermixed and dispersed in ('mail Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very in-' convenient; but, if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Wafts Lands, were divided and allotted unto and amongst. the several Persons intereded, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Edmund

Erdington. See. Inclosurr Petition.

Worthington Inclosure Petition*

Melton Mowbray and Grantham Road Petition.

v

Birmingham Paving, &c. Petition.

143

Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of Estates having Right of Common, and other Interests 'upon and in the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Worthington and Newbold, and also in and upon a certain Common or Waste Ground called The Bra, in the Parish of Breedon on the HillAn the County of , was presented to

the Houief and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Lordships or Liberties, and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing altogether, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, and, as well as the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, if the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their le-Veral and respective Rights, El fates, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Worthington and Newbold, and the said Common called The

Brand, in the Parish of Breedon on the Hill, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from Sage Crop, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby veiled in them, and have, from Time to Time, for that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money is Hill owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly amended, kept in Repair, and improved, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof in some respect altered and enlarged, and the Tolls raised and increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and extending the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall l'eetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the Parish of , and of the

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting into Execution Two several Acts, the one passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open* and

Vol. 56.

widening, certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and the other, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to amend and explain the said former Act, and for widening certain other Streets and Places, for establishing a Nightly Watch, and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Commissioners acting as aforesaid, in carrying into Execution the Powers in the said Acts contained, find that the same are in many respects defective, and insufficient for the necessary Regulations of the said Town; and that it will also tend greatly to the Advantage and Ornament of the said Town, and to the safe passing and repassing of the Inhabitants, and the Public at large, if several Buildings, Handing in and about the Market Place, and in different Streets, Passages, and Places, in the said Town, were removed, and if certain Ways, Places, and Passages, in the said Town, were laid open and widened, and if further Powers were given to regulate the laying out and paving of all Streets which shall be hereafter laid out, or extended, in the said Town; for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Town; for regulating the Manner of felling Coals, Potatoes, and Meat there, and for regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairmen, and the Drivers of all Carriages within the said Town; and that the Powers given, and the Regulations made, by the said Acts, for the EHabiishment of a Nightly Watch in the laidTown, haveprovedinsufficient, and cannot be rendered effectual without an Increase of the Rate, and the further Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A nd it is referred to Sir George William

Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Tickenham the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the p° 1 ' Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of So-merfet, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfatftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of, and Persons interested in, the several Common Fields, and other Lands herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of,

in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Fields

and

Manningford Bruce Allotment Petition.

Thirlwill Inclosure Petition,

Castlecarrock Inclosure Petition.'

Thurso Harbour and Paying Petition.

144 li Martii. 1801.

Suid Downs, and otjier Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; and that the several Properties of the respective Owners and Proprietors of and in the said Open and Common Fields, lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Pieces or Parcels* are inconveniently situated with respect to the Houses and inclosed Lands of the several Owners and Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but* if the fame, together with the said other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bragge and Mr. Eftcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of

Carlisle, and the humble Petition of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the Manor of Thirhoott, in the Parish of , in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, it would greatly tend to the Advantage of all Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes iabove-mentiorted, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Morpeth and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Carlisle, and the humble Petition of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Cajllecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also several Open and Common Fields, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, it would greatly tend to the Advantage of all Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Morpeth and Sir Henry Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Thurso, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long suffered the greatest Inconveniency from the Want of a proper Harbour, and from having no proper Regulations for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for carrying on other Improvements in the said Town of Thurso-, and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Protection of Vessels navigating

the North Sea, to have a commodious Harbour at Thurso; and the same would also essentially contribute to the Improvement of the Fisheries on the Northern Coasts of the Kingdom, as well as promote, encourage, and extend the growing Trade and Manufactures of the said Towh and adjacent Country; and that it would also tend greatly to the Benefit, Comfort, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, if the Streets and Lanes therein were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and if all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions in the same were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like for the future; and that, deeply impressed with the Importance of accomplishing such desirable Objects, the Petitioners have subscribed certain Sums of Money for making a Harbour at Thurso; and they, with the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, are willing to be subjected to the Payment of certain Rates, Assessments, and Duties, for maintaining the said Harbour, as well as for carrying on the other Improvements above-mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the necessary Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Swfohn Sinclair, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. ShawLefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the ift, 2d, and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clementi, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mark Anthony De was read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the several Parishes of Penrith, Salkeld, otherwise Sa/keld,

Lazonby, Hefket, and Hutton, the Township of MiJdle-ceugh, and Braithwaite, in the Parish of Saint Mary's, Carlisle, the Townships of Raughton and Gaitsgill, and Ivegill, in the Parish of Dalfton, and the Township of Catterlen,in the Parish of Newton, in the Honour of Penrith, and the Forest of Ing/eivood, or the One of them, in the County of Cumberland, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing by Estimation, 25,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wallace and Sir fames Graham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

FIflierton

Bridge Road* Bill,presented.

dementi's Nat. Bill, read.

Collogny'* Nat.Bili, read.

Penrith and Inglewood Inclolare Petition.

Lavendon,&c. Inclosure Petition.

Brough Roads Petition*

Dufton Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and otherwise Cold Brayfield,in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement j but, if divided and inclosed, and allotted to the respective Owners thereof, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-' suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wallace, Mr. Praed, and Sir William Young, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough Under-Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Earnout Bridge, in the said County, and also an Act, made in the 19th Year of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said former Act, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed to put the said recited Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls and Duties collected and received by virtue of the said Acts, have been applied in widening and repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; and that the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and the Sum of £.2,063, or thereabouts, still remains due on Mortgage of the said Tolls; and several Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Acts; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term be further continued, and the said Acts amended, and made more effectual; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adair, Lord William &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Dufton, in the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Westmorland, or otherwise, are respectively entitled to Right of Common, or other Right, upon certain Tracts or Parcels of Waste Grounds,called or known by the Name of Dufton Fell, and other Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Parish, containing upwards of 10,000 Acres Statute Measur; and, that if the said Common and Waste Grounds, or some Part thereof, were divided and inclosed, the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners

VOL. 56.

and others, interested therein, would be very considerably improved: And therefore (on Behalf of Earl

of Thanet, Lord of the said Manor, themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements) praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Adair and Mr. Courtenay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Randall Burch, Esquire, Owner and Proprietor of Lunds and Grounds within the Parish of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certainOpen and Common Arable Field Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are not capable of being cultivated to the greatest Advantage; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested, in Proportion to their several and respective Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, the same would be highly beneficial to the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harrison, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Afiley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harrison presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harrison presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln: And the same u'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants respectively, within the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from the South West End of Nether , in the County of Westmorland, by Fellfide, to

Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Mill-throp, to Dixes, and from the Town of aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron SykeTurnpike Road, at the Guide Port, near Clan- hr of Hall, in the County aforesaid, certain Tolls, Duties, Powers, and Authorities, were given and granted for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, and for carrying the other Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that, by another Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Term and Powers of the said recited Act were continued and enlarged; and that the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have, from d ime to Time, borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, a considerable Part whereof still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be kept

Pp in

Brandon In- ciolure Petition.

Sotby Inclosure Bill, presented.

Belchford Inclosure Bill, presented.

Nether Bridge Roads Petition.

A. 18ox*

Ifcockerm&uth and Woilcing-ton Road Pc-fctiom

.Whitehaven Harbour Petition,

JLeicester and Peterborough Road Petition,

t i° Mar Hi.

tn Repair, unless the 'term of the said Acts is continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and 'owers contained in the said recited Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Garlijle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington^ in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of mouth and Workington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That great Progrels has been made in the Repair of the said Road, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road elFedually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged s And therefore praying, Thafr Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. L Mr. Satterthwaite, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fuberibed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That several Acts have been passed concerning the said Harbour, and various Doubts have arisen relative to the Construction thereof in many respects: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowther, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, one passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the county of,

and to Wansford,in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton and the other, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Ad, and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peter-4

borough to the Market Place there, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Trustees authorized to put the said Acts into Execution, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which Sums (till remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually improved and kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term, and the Tolls and Powers thereby granted, altered, and enlarged; or, instead thereof, greater and other Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, be granted fof those Purposess And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efteduating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow er to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Balfhamln-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and clolurei>rtH others, interested in the Open and Common Fields within the Parish of BalJljam, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and difperlcd in final! Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Beldam, John Phillips, and William BnflmgWiie Nash, Esquires,on Behalf of themselves and others, inte- *

relied in the Open and Common Fields wi.hin the Parish of Bajfmgborne, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in lniall Parcels, and are, in general, inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, their Tenants, or Occupiers, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuanttothe Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Honywood reported from the Committee, to fanteAnrv whom the Bill for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feverral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House;

York Improvement Petition*

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York,was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Bridge called Ouse Bridge, over the River Ouse, in the City of York, is very ancient, and, by reason of the Form and Construction thereof, and of the Buildings erected upon and near thereto, is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous for the passing of Carriages, Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, so that the free Passage thereof is frequently interrupted; and therefore it is necessary to take down and re-build, or widen and enlarge the same; and also to widen, raise, and render more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, or Ways, leading or near thereto; which are at [ relent narrow and incommodious, and to pUrchafe and takedown several Houses and Buildings for that Purpose; and that the Bridge called Fofs Bridge, over the leading from Fofsgate into Walmgate, in the said City, is also

narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Passengers, Carriages, and Cattle, passing over the same; and Part of the Streets leading thereto, at each Eud thereof, are narrow, and much obstructed by Buildings; and it is necessary that the said Bridge should be widened, and the Streets or Avenues leading thereto, at each End thereof, made safe and commodious, by taking down Part of such Buildings, or otherwise; and that all the Bars, Pofterns, Gateways, or public Entrances into the said City, are narrow and inconvenient; and the Arches of Fome of them are so low or narrow, that public loaded Stage Waggons, and other Carriages, having occ 'fion to pass through the fame, cannot conveniently do so with Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Hay or Straw, which they are authorized and accuftcmed to carry, but are frequently obliged either to unload Part thereof, for the Purpose of passing into or through the said C.ty, and afterwards to reload the fame, or to adapt the loading of such Carriages to the said Entrances and Arches; and, by reason of the Narrowuefs of the said Entrances, many Persons have been hurt or injured, and Foot Passengers cannot lafely pass through the fame; and that the Towers, Turrets, Walls, and other Stone Works of the like Nature, in, or surrounding, and appertaining to the said City of York, which belong to, or are repaired by, the Mayor and Commonalty of the same City, are mostly of great Antiquity, and, by reason thereof, are becoming ruinous, and liable to fall into Decay, and cannot be repaired, maintained, kept up, and preserved in good Order and Condition, but at a great Annual Charge and Expence, and more than the said Mayor and Commonalty are able to sustain and pay, without great Loss and Inconvenience; and that the said Bars, Pofterns, Gateways, or Entrances, Towers, Turrets, Walls, and Works, are not necessary to be kept up or -preserved for any public Use or Purpose; but, if the said Mayor and Commonalty were empowered to take down and remove the same respectively, or such of them, or such Part thereof, from Time to Time, as may be found expedient; and to appropriate the Ground or Soil thereof, and to work up and ule, or sell and dispose of, the Stone and Materials of the said Bars, Pofterns, Gateways, or Entrances, Towers, Turrets, Walls, and Works, so to be taken down and removed, and to apply such Stone and Materials, or any Part thereof, or the Money arising from the Sale and Disposition of the fame, or such Portion thereof, as may be deemed expedient, in or towards the re-building, widening, or repairing, of the said Bridges, or either of them, or for other public Purposes within the said City, it would tend to the

Vol. 56,

147

Improvement of the said City, and be of great Advantage to the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto; and that, in order to provide a Fund for defraying the Expence of carrying the said beneficial Purposes into Execution, particu'ady so far as the same relate to the said Bridges, Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages respectively, and certain Buildings and Grounds proper to be purchased, taken down, and appropriated for effecting the fame, it will be necessary that certain Tolls should be laid on Carriages, Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, passing over the said Bridge called Ouse Bridge, and on Carriages, Horses, and Cattle,

passing over the said Bridge called Fofs or other-

wife: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

Ami it is referred to Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord William Rujfellpresented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandjworthto the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carfhalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River *1 names and the said Railway at all in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of, or Persons interested in, Estates, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,770 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, are inconveniently intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in general, so disadvantageously circumstanced, as to render their Cultivation and Management very difficult and expensive, their Produce extremely deficient, and their Improvement, to any material Degree, in their present State, impracticable; and that, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amonrft the several Per-

o

fons interested, according to their several and respective Estates and Rights, and such Allotments inclosed, they might be highly improved, would be much more productive, and of far greater Value: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in l'uch Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ellifoti, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert ticat/icote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Kenin the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish, is a large

Tract

11° MartiL

1

1

WandfWorth

R lilway, See,

Bill,prei'ented.

Louth Inclosure Petition.

Kentlfbeere Incloiuce Pc» titioxu

148 ii Q Mar Hi*A. 1801

Tra<fl of Common or Waste Land, in and over which the Petitioners, and others,are entitled to Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests; and that the said Tract of Common or Waste Land, in its present open and uncultivated State, affords very little Advantage to the several Persons interested; but, it might be greatly improved, and rendered more valuable to all Parties concerned, if it were divided and allotted amongst them» according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ellison and Mr. Bastard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Wdlbury in- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tion?1* Pttl" thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Com-inon Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of West bury,in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Open and Common Downs, Common Meadows,- Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in which Common Fields and Common Meadows, the Lands of the several Proprietors lie intermixed and dilperfed, and the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, as well as the said Open and Common Downs, Common Paf-tures, and other Commonable Places, are, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided among the Proprietors, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Severalty, it would tend greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir HenryPav.lel Saint John and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Mutiny Bill, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mirim Mu- to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, tiny Bill. upon tjje for the Regulation of His Majesty's

Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

SS‘

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Examinations taken Yesterday at the Bar of this House, be printed, as shall be luftkient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the several Acts now in Force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and LimehouseHole, in the County of Midd/efex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le,

and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, as

lies in the said County of and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rot her in

the County of Surrey; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers: And that Mr. Mr.

Bur don, Sir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. Wallace, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the lull Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act " for granting, for One Year, the several Duties therein " mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon " the Articles therein specified, during the said Term, " and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom " and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines " belonging to Dealers in, and Sellers of, such Wines, " on the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand Eight " hundred, and for securing certain Duties of Excise " thereon; and for granting to llis Majesty a further " Duty on Rum imported, and certain Duties on the " Exportation of certain Goods to the British Plantations in America and the West Indies, in lieu of all other " Duties," might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Section of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland ft might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, int ituled, " An Act for amending, and making perpetual, the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the District of " the Metropolis; and for granting a further Duty upon " Pawnbrokers," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloulc, to consider of the said Acts.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of the Message from the Lords of Yesterday, which requests that this House would communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the Reports therein mentioned, respecting the Public Records of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a printed Copy of the said Reports, as desired by their Lordships.

And a printed Copy of the said Reports having been laid upon the Table;

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the same to the Lords.

The

Minutes to b« printed.

fiill respecting Coals, ordered*

A&s of the Parliament of Ireland, to be considered.

Copy of Reports respecting Public Records to be carried to the Lords.

4i Geo. III.

11

Martiu

*49

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means, kiei'er.- refGjve itlcif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itlcif into the said Committee.

to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of Excite " on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of

" British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for

Supply de-fcacd.

Report (on ThirdRcport) on Provisions, deferred.

Paper and Tea Duties Bill, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ' next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 24th Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard; and Scalcboard, made in, or imported into. Great Britain; and on Tea imported into, and fold in Great Britain-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Stamps adiii- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill'deferred heading of ^ie ingrafted Bill for granting to His Ma-' " jesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange,

Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

PottageDutie* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill, deferred. Reac]ing Gf the ingrafted Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and ford Haven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on

Rcn<val of prohibited f:tlt India Goods, defer* red.

Horses additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horles in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Days, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,.for the House nova! of Spi- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

'ns into Scot- s

and, deferred. ' VOL. jJO.

Bill r-specHng-the OfHce of Master of the RolL in Ireland, deferred.

tc altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of " Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland," as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, td consider of permitting certain Goods which are prohibited to be worn or uled in Great Britain, and ware-housed in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To -morrow Morning, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Expiring Reading of the Bill for continuing several Laws relating <le‘

to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope-, and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from purluing their lawful Occupations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said BUI be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Amenmn to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day was read, for the House Order for to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the certain Per-Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Pa- £>ns fj;om the rochial Relief, in certain Cafes, lor a lime to be limited.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Poor Rates, read.

Q q

Jovis,

G-

fcopliam Lane and Winchester Roads Pe* titioiu

Stockbridgt and Winchef-ter Roads Petition,

Jovis, 12* d Martii;

Anno 41* Georgii III'11 Regis, i 801. PnAYfeRS.

A Petition of the several Trustees* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by several Acts, passed in the ^2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 2d, 5th, and 19th, Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdozvn Gate, in Popham , to the City of

Winchester, and from the said City, through , to

Chandlersfor cl, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romfiey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood, in the County of to

Longkam Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset, and from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridgeand from a Street, called The Hundred, at Romsey, through worth, to the River

at Swathling,in the said County, was prelected to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually maintained and repaired, and the Money borrowed, and now due, on the Credit thereof repaid,'unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the said Acts amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, and for amending, and making the same more effectual, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed in and by virtue of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of , in

the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through , to the

Top of Stephen's Cajile Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Otter bourne, to Bar Gate, in the

Town and County of the Town of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed; but, that the said Roads cannot be effectually maintained and repaired, and the Money borrowed and now due on the Credit thereof repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the said Acts amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, and for amending and making the same more effectual, in such Manner, anti under such Rules and Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine -of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Estates, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of in the fame

Parish, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Estates, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if certain Parts thereof were divided, al-. lotted, and laid in Severalty, and other Parts divided, allotted, and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. Tout Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, and dividing, allotting, and inclosing, other Parts thereof, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundasand Mr. George Vunfit tart do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Land and Ground, in the Township of Let comb Regis, and East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and in a Common Meadow called White Mead, in West

Challow, and the I'arilhes of Letcomb Regis and Letcomb

BaJJett, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Land and Ground, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Land and Ground, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George Vunfit tart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands in the Parish of Denehworth,in the County of Berks, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish divers Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, containing,

by

Smton Court-nov Inclosure Petition.

Letcomb Re*

gis Inclosure Petition.

Pencbworth Inclosure Petition.

by Estimation, 700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in (mail Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are very inconvenient, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the fame, together with the said Commons, Wades, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, llight of Common, and other Rights and Interests, great Advantage would arise to all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common , Failures, Commons, Wades, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundasand Mr. George Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lyford Inclo- A Petition of the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars,

fare Petition. cf WorcesterCollege, in the University of Oxford, and of

William Toovey, Esquire, the Proprietors and Owners of the Lands in the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney, in ihe County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons, and Walles, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, containing, by Efti-mation, 560 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Gi^iufldson the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are very inconvenient, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the fame, together with the Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted, in Severalty, it would be an Advantage to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Hamlet, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Cheltenham A Petition of Joseph Pitt, Esquire, William,

Ucioiure Pe- Esquire, and Thomas Markham, Esquire, severally Owners of, or interested in, Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and a Tract of Commonable Land, called The Marjli, and other Commonable and Walle Lands; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Places, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situa-' tion, are incapable of any considerable Improvement,

but, if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, for or in lieu of their several Lands, Tythes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests respectively, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Vol. 56.

Commonable and Walle Lands, within the Parish of

Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of wilts and the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raile Money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, ted.' and amend, the Act, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Duudas, Mr. George Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are wilby indo-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, fwe Petition. Owners and Proprietors of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, in the Open and Common Fields, Pallures, Meadows,

Lands, and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Wilby, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Failures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Walle Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioners and others therein lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof let out and allotted to and amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, in the fame, it would be very advantageous to the several Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl Chelfton

wil/iam, and the humble Petition of Edward Dis- ^"rePeti* brow, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Che/fon, otherwise Chelvefoncum Caldecot, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Commonable Fields, Lands, and Grounds, and Pieces or Parcels of Common and Walle Ground; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Commonable Fields, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are very inconveniently situated for Cultivation; but, if the fame, and also the said Pieces or Parcels of Common and Walle Ground, were divided and allotted unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, it would be a great Benefit and Advantage to all Parties concerned:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates in the Parish of otherwise Chelvefon cum Caldecot, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting

Manchester and Bolton Canal Petition.

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Failures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the whole, 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields, Pallnres, and Meadows, lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, if the fame, together with the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefor^ praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for,dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as tq the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, under their Corporate Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Prejlo-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one Branch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and, by another Branch, to or near the Town of and to Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by virtue of which Act the Petitioners were authorized to raise and contribute among themselves the Sum of £.47,700,. for making and completing the said Canal with the necessary Works and Conveniencies, and also, if need required, to raise the further Sum of £.20,000 for the like Purpose; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to cut the said Canal pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and have made great Progress towards the Completion thereof, and in the Execution of the same have expended not only the said Sum of £.47,700, but also the said Sum of £.20,000, both of which Sums have been raised among the Petitioners, under the Powers of the Act; and that the Petitioners have caused an Estimate to be made of the Expence of making navigable and completing the said Canal with proper Works and Conveniencies, by which it appears it will require the further Sum of £.50,000 to finish the fame, and pay the Debts incurred by the said Proprietors, and now owing from them; and that, at present, the Petitioners reap little Benefit for the Sums already expended, and the Public are deprived of the Advantages they ought to derive from the Use of the said Canal; and that the Petitioners are utterly unable to raise the said further Sum, so wanted as aforesaid, without the Aid of Parliament; and that it may be necessary also, in some Particulars, to alter and amend the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and enable the said Company to raise the further Sum of £.50,000, for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Provisions and Regulations, as the House shall think proper; and that, if necessary, the said Act may be altered and amended.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of . Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's 9

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Land Owners, Traders, and Manufacturers, and others, living in, and near to, the Townships of Bolton in the Moors, Sharpies, Withnel, and Hoghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher s Pub/ic-house, in Sharpies aforesaid (at which Place it terminates in the Road from Bolton aforesaid to Blackburn, in the said County, being about one Mile from the former Place) to or near Briiidle Lane End, otherwise Stoole Lane End, in Hoghton aforesaid (where it forms a Junction with the Road from Blackburn aforesaid to Pin the said County) being Fourteen computed Miles and upwards, is very circuitous and indirect, by reason of the many Windings and Turnings therein, and also is in very bad Repair; and that there is not any other eligible Road from the Town of Bolton or Sharpies aforesaid to Brindle Lane End aforesaid, without going Three Miles about; in which Road there are several steep Hills, some of which rife Seven Inches at a Yard, and the said Road is in many Places so narrow, bad, and founderous, that Carts and Carriages cannot pals without much Difficulty; and that the same Road is capable of being diverted in a much more direct Line, and shortened, so that the same will not be more than Ten Miles and Three Quarters betwixt the said Place in Sharpies aforesaid, called the Lamb Inn, or Pub/ic-house, and

Brindle Lane End, in Hoghton aforesaid, and will be Three Miles nearer that Way, from the 'I'own of Bolton aforesaid to Preston aforesaid, than the present old Road; and likewil'e the said intended new Road will be of very great Advantage and Utility to the Country through which it palles, the greatest Part thereof being barren and uncultivated, and very much in want of a good Road; and that the said Road may also be made so that the greatest Part will not rife more than one Inchat a Yard, other Parts not more than one Inch and a Half, and others not more than Two Inches and a Half, and that only a very short length of the last mentioned Rife, which will be much more level and easy than the present old Roads from the said Place in Sharpies to Brindle Lane End aforesaid, and also than the present old Road from Bolton to Prefion aforesaid, as well as being considerably lborter, as before-mentioned; but the same cannot be effectually diverted, made, repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being, to the Danger and Lois of Time of Passengers, and to the Prejudice of Trade and Agriculture in general, and especially of the Cotton Manufactures carried on in the said Towns; and that the said Manufactures, and also Agriculture, u'ould be greatly increased, extended, and encouraged, if the said Road was diverted, made, amended, and repaired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to straighten, divert, make, alter, amend, and maintain, the said Road from the said Inn called The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's in Sharpies

aforesaid, to or new Brindle Lane End, otherwise Stoole Lane End, in Hoghton aforesaid, and to erect Three principal Turnpikes upon the said intended new Road, between the said Place called The Lamb Inn, in Sharpies aforesaid, and Brindle Lane End aforesaid, or near the last mentioned Place, and also several side Bars on the Sides of the same Road, and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be made, amended, and repaired.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

and

Sharpies and Bolton Roidt Petition.

005 le

Petition for Provision in New Wind for Road Hill, reported.

Sheerness Pier and Paving BiiJ, ordered.

Winchester

Bridewell

Petition.

arul have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the* several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Parish of Dutches, in the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been given, because the Petitioners were not informed of the pre-cile Line of Road intended to be pursued by the Promoters of the Bill, now depending, for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Wind for, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex; but it appeared that the Road mentioned in the Petition, leading from Datchet to Soutkley, is only 1,000 Yards in Length, and that all the Parties through whose Grounds the said Road is intended to pass are contenting thereto; and that no Gate is to be erected, or Toll taken, on the said Road; and that the Promoters of the Bill, and the Subscribers to the Undertaking, have agreed, at their own Expence, to take the said Road under their Care and Management; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Seeker being examined, said. That the said Road leading from Datchet to Southley is in extreme bad Repair, and is the only Road by which the Petitioners can pass from Datchet to Windsor by the intended new Bridge.

— And the Witness further laid, That if the said Road were made good, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill, now depending, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all Persons residing in the Neighbourhood.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

and about the Repairs of the lame, until at length it became so ruinous, that the Petitioners, after having examined skilful Workmen respecting the State thereof, found that it could not be repaired, so that it might any longer be used with Safety as a Place of Contine-ment for Persons committing Offences within the Jurisdiction of the said City, without incurring an Expence nearly equal to the Expence of taking down and rebuilding the same; wherefore the Petitioners judged it expedient wholly to take down the fame, in order that the Materials thereof might be used in erecting and building another Gaol or Bridewell in its Head; and that the said old Gaol or Bridewell hath in conl'equence been taken down, and a new Gaol or Bridewell hath been erected, the Expences of taking down and re-building of which, exclusive of the old Materials which have been made uie of iq erecting the said new Gaol or Bridewell, will amount to a considerable Sum of Money, and much more than the Petitioners are able to di£> charge, without the Alfiftance of Parliament, to enable them to raise a competent Sum of Money for that Purpose, by one or more Rate or Rates, upon the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said City: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to 1 raise a competent Sum of Money for defraying as well -the Expences which have attended the pulling down of the old Gaol or Bridewell, and the erecting and building a new Gaol or Bridewell, as the Expences which may be necessary to complete the same, by one or more Rate or Rates upon the Owners and Occupiers of Meft-fuages. Lands, or Tenements, within the said City, or in l'uch other Manner, as to the House may seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is reterrecj to Sir Richard Lord Viscount

Palmerflon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved. That the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of the Ville of Sheerness, and that Part of the Parish of

Minster,in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, called Blue Town and Mile Town, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Ille of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering certain Duties, for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Ille of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue Town and Mile; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And that Sir Edward Knatchbull and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winehester, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said City is a very ancient City, having and exercising a peculiar Jurisdiction, and the Gaol or Bridewell, belonging thereto, hath for many Years been much out of Repair, and large Sums of Money have, at different Times, been expended by the Petitioners in

Vol. 56.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are shrewsbury thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for re* ^ds *>eu" pairing several Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, herein after described or referred to, was pre- fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his fate Majesty, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, the Term and Powers of which Act were continued by a subsequent Act, passed in the 12th Year of His present Majesty's Reign* to amend an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of S and for appropriating Part of the Tolls, collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the fame, and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Roads (except so much of the said Act as relates to Two Branches of Road, therein particularly mentioned, as lie between the Distance of Ten Miles from Shrewsbury and the Towns of Pool and Oswestry); and that the Petitioners, in carrying the first-mentioned Act into Execution, have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly expended, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; but, the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Pur-

R r pofet

poses aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regu- are very much burthened by the Poors Rates in the lations and Restrictions, as to the House shall ieem said Parishes, which of late Years have increased beyond meet. all Example, and yet have not afforded that effectual

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and necessary Relief to the Poor, which, from the large Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Sums of Money raised for their Support, might real'on-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ably have been expected; and that the said Poor have shall appear to them, to the House: of late Years very much increased, and consist princi-

And it is referred to Mr KynajlonPozvell, Sir Richard pally of Manufacturers; and, that if the Poor of the Hill, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, said Parishes were placed under the Management of at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Directors, and proper and convenient Houses provided have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Reception and Employment, and proper

Powers granted for their Support, Government, and Em A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ployment, the said Poor would be better maintained thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an and provided for, and the Rates for their Relief much Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His pre- lei's burthensome: And therefore praying. That Leave sent Majesty, for making and maintaining the several may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief Roads herein after mentioned, in the County of Glou- and Employment of the Poor, in the several Parishes cefier, was presented to the House, and read; Setting of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of forth, That an Act was passed in the 20th Year of the Coventry and County of the same City, under such Re-Reign of His present Majesty, for making and main- gulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall feein taining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horjleymeet, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to , That the said Petition be referred to the

Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rod- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-borough, and from the Bridge at Nailfuorth,in the Pa- mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

rish of Averting, to Minchinhampton Common, and fe- shall appear to them, to the House: veral other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County And it is referred to Mr. Bird, Mr.

of Gloucester; and that the Trustees appointed in or by Jeffery's, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to make the said ing, at Nine of the Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Roads, and, in the Execution of the said Act, have and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Reborrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the cords.

Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which is still due

and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads A Petition of several of the Commissioners for re-be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, pairing and improving the old Harbour of Rye, was Unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That of the Powers and Provisions altered, and other Powers the Funtls, provided for the Repair and Improvement granted, and the Tolls increased; and that the Part of the of the said Harbour, will not be adequate to those Pur-said Roads which leads from the Bridge at Nai/sworth,\x\\\\tpofes, and, that if Power was given to the Petitioners said Parish of Averting, by Howcombe and Iron Mill Hill, to collect a small Duty on all Vessels coming into and upthe Well Hill, to the Town of Minchinhampton, as in the going out of the said Harbour, it would enable the said Act particularly mentioned, is found very incom- Petitioners to repair and improve the same: And there-modious, and it would be an Accommodation to the fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Neighbourhood, and the Public in general, if the same Bill for the above Purpose, under such Regulations and were altered, so as to pass by a Place called Forzvood, Restrictions, as the House shall think proper, and Trap End Gate, to the West End of the said Town Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of Minchinhampton; and that the Road leading from out Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-of the Road from Tiltups Inn- to Dudbridge, at or near mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it the Bridge at Nailjveorth, to Minchinhampton Common, is shall appear to them, to the House: very steep and incommodious; and it would also be an And it is referred to Mr. Kemp, Mr. Pelham, Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and the Pub-: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at lie, if, instead thereof, a Road was made to lead out of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and the said Road from Tiltups Inn to Dudbridge, at or near have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, a Place called Little Britain, and to pals near Saint

Chloe'sSchool, to, or near to, a Place called Amberley A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Bank, upon Minchinhampton Common, with a Branch Canal Navigation, under their Common

therefrom, to Saint Chloe's Green, also on the said Com- Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting mon: And therefore praying. That Leave maybegiven forth, That an Act was passed in the 32d Year of the to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in Reign of His present Majesty, for making and main-such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as taining the said Canal Navigation; and another Act to the House shall seem meet. was palfed in the 37th Year of His present Majesty, for

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the extending the said Canal Navigation, and for explain-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ing and amending the said former Act; and that the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said. shall appear to them, to the House: Acts, and made great Progrels in the Works thereby

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston Pozvell, Sir William authorized to be done; and that the Sum of 225,330, Do/ben, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- which the Petitioners were authorized to raile amongst. ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; themselves, has been found insufficient to complete the and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Whole of the said Navigation and Undertaking, and cords. it will be necessary that they should be authorized to

raile a further Sum for that Purpose; and that the Pe-Coventry A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Pariftiesof Saint titioners also find it expedient that iome Amendments Poor Petition. Michael, and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry and Alterations should be made in certain of the l'ro-and County of the same City, afielfed to the Poors visions contained in the said Act; and that some fur-Rates, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf ther Powers should be granted more effectually to ena-of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the ble the Petitioners finally to complete the said Under-Poor of and within the said Parishes, was presented to taking: And therefore praying, That Leave may be the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Pur-7 poles

Korney and Dudbridge Roads Petition.

Rve Harbour Petition.

Monmouth-shire Canal Navigation Petition.

12° Martii.

155

poses before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Charles,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Royal Ex- A Petition of the Governor, Sub-Governor, Deputy fufaifce Com Governor, and Directors of the Exchange Af-

jnny'sPcti- finance, for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going twn* to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomrie, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act, made in the 6th and 7th Years of the Reign of King George the First, for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by the Charter for Afturanee of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money at Bottomrie, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, his said Majesty did, by his Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westmhifter the zid Day of June 1720, incorporate divers Persons therein named to be a Corporation for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomrie, by the Name of 'The Royal Exchange , with Power for them,

and their Successors, to make such Assurance; and that, by the said Charter of Incorporation, the Petitioners are empowered only to allure Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes at Sea, or going to Sea; and that a very extensive Inland Navigation is now carried on in different Parts of the United Kingdom by means of Canals, and frequent Applications have been made to the said Corporation to insure the Vessels concerned in these Navigations, and the Property laden on board them, which they do not conceive the present Charter empowers them to do; and that the Petitioners conceive, that any additional Security which can be given to the extensive Intercourse between the different Parts of the United Kingdom will be of National Benefit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the said Corporation to insure any Vessel or Vessels concerned in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act raj. ' ' for naturalizing William was read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tone Nnviga- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tionPetition. thereUnto subscribed, being Conservators of the River Tone, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the 10th and 1 ith Years of King William the Third, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted to the Petitioners Predecessors, for the Purpose of making and keeping the said River navigable; and that, by an Act, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen June, for the more effectually making and keeping the Vo L.56.

said River navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, certain other Tolls* Powers, and Authorities, were granted to the Petitioners Predecclfors for the Purpose of improving the said Navigation; and that many Doubts have arisen as to the Construction of certain Clauses in the said Acts, which it is expedient should be explained by the Authority of Parliament; and it is also expedient that several of the Provisions of the said Acts should be altered or repealed, and that several further Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, should be granted, for the better carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efteftuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Morland, Mr. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to BrHewittr Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and en- Rorids Bi,l» large the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year Prelented* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Tickenham elefing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, ly-ing within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Notice of setting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Alexander Sutherland being examined, said, That the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of in the County of Suftex, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, in the said County, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House, in the said Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckly,in the said County; and also the Road from

Staplecross

Staplecross and Hornl-cross Roads Petition, reported.

Staplecross aforesaid to Bridge, in the Parish of

Bodiam, in the said County, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid, and , in the said County, to the Turnpike Road at Silver in the said Parish of Salehurjare in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and the amending and widening thereof, and keeping the same in Repair, will be of Benefit to the Public, and the Country adjacent: — And,

Mr. John Baker being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewhurst, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall Hcife, in the said Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckly, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and to the Turn-

pike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of SAnd that Mr. Pelham and General Lennox do prepare, and bring in, tire lame.

Scrtmby In- A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within eition? Pe* the Parish of Scremby,in the County of Lincoln, and the Hamlet of Grebby, in the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish and Hamlet certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole <50 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Properties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adcane, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. Ellison, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leyerington General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Ot'ion'^rcFc" whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ported. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of Leverington, and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Abraham Leahair being examined, said. That there are within the said Parish of Leverington, and Leverington Parson Drove, certain Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 5,400 Acres, or thereabouts, which are much annoyed with Waters, but the same are capable of being effectually drained; that if proper and sufficient Cuts, Drains, and other Works, were made and maintained for draining and improving the said Lands and Grounds, great Benefit

would accrue to all the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington, and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Me of Ely,in the County of Cambridge: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Stony Strat-thereunto subscribed, being Trullces in whom certain &c^P«itkS, Charity Estates are now veiled, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways and the Bridge over the River Ouse,in or near the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pallages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in

the County of Buckingham, arc not properly paved, cleansed, watered, or lighted, and are subject. to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that the Bridge over the River Ouse is very much out of Repair, and otherwise unsafe and incommodious; that the public Highway leading from to IVldChefter passing through the principal Street of

the said Town, is become lo much out of Repair as to make Travelling dangerous, and impede the public Conveyance, in consequence whereof, many Persons accustomed to travel through, or resort to, the said Town, have lately omitted lb to do, to the great Injury of the Inhabitants, and i I is Majesty's Postmaster General hath directed an Application to be made to the Clerk to the Petitioners for the Reparation of such Road, therein Hating, that if the same is not immediately repaired, their Lordiliips will be obliged, from the Duty they owe to the public Correspondence, to cause the same to be indicted; and that the Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes are grievously heavy, amounting, upon a fair Average of the lait Seven Years, to the Sum of 12 s.in the Pound upon the Annual Rents of all Property rateable thereto, and during the lait Year in the said Parish of Saint Giles to the Sum of 13J. in the Pound, and in the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen to the Sum of 1 in the Pound upon such Rents; and the Petitioners have great ilea-son to believe, from the advanced Price of all the Ne-cellaries of Life, that the same will be much incrcaled during the present Year; in consequence whereof, and of the other Public and Parochial Taxes already payable by the Inhabitants of the said Town, the necessary Funds for putting the said Bridge, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, into a State of proper Repair, cannot be raised by a Contribution from them without occasioning very great Distress, or total lluin, to a great Number of Families; and that divers Messuages, Lands, and Real Estates, have at different Times been given to Trustees, and are now vested in the Petitioners, for the Purpose of maintaining and repairing the said Bridge, Streets, and other public Pallages and Places, and that the Annual Rents and Profits ol' the said Trull Estates are by no Means sufficient to answer the Purposes aforesaid; but, if the same were fold, and the Monies arising from such Sale applied to defray the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and of repairing the said Bridge, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all other Persons relorting thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Aaft

4i Geo. III. 120 Afa 157

And it is referred to the Earl 'Temple, Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Howl Mint A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Bill*. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in' the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving* declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Earl of Chefies named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by Way of Annuities:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Love of Ab- Ordered, That the Lord have Leave of

kace‘ Absence for a Month, on Account of the Death of a near Relation.

Papers i Ipe&h

1 re-

cting Ireland, ordered:

Costoms, Ex-die, &c.

Appropriated

Duties.

Charges of Government.

Duties applicable to Loans.

State of National Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Duties collected under the Commissioners of Customs and Excise in Ireland (exclusive of the Appropriated Duties)'; also an Account of the Stamp Duties and Poll Office Revenue for One Year, with the Expence of Management, Drawbacks, Premiums, &c. from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the several Appropriated Duties in Ireland, for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Establishments and other Charges of Government in Ireland, for One Year, the Civil List ending the 25th, and the Military the 31st, of March 1800; together with the Payments made by the Treasury, the Arrears remaining unsatisfied, and the Remains.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Duties and Aids applicable to the Loans, and the Charges thereon, in Ireland, for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800; together with a general State of the Loan Funds, and also of the Surplus thereof, at Lady Day 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a general State of the National Account of Ireland, for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800; with a State distinguishing the Funded from the Unfunded Debt,

Yojl. 56.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Appropriated general State of the several Appropriated Duties in Ire* Dutie4* land (exclusive of the Loan which appears in No. 4,) for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800.

Ordered, That Mr. Trench have Leave of Absence for of Ab* a Month, to attend the Assizes at G. '

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, to ^Here That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Commit- fomfrom the tee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relieving cer- Poor Kites, tain Persons from the Payment of the Poor Rates, and deferTed-for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^r*

to consider of several Acts made in the last Session of Ireland, the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for grant*

" ing, for One Year, the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the " Articles therein specified, during the said Term, and " for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and " His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned;" and also, " An Act for afeertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to " Dealers in, and Sellers of, such Wines, on the Twentyfifth of March One thousand Eight hundred, and " for securing certain Duties of Excise thereon, and " for granting to His Majesty a further Duty on Rum " imported, and certain Duties on the Exportation of " certain Goods to the British Plantations in America " and the West Indies, in lieu of all other Duties;" and also, " An Act for the Union of Great Britain and " Ireland;" and also, " An Act for amending, and " making perpetual, the several Laws for regulating the " Watch in the District of the Metropolis, and for " granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directea him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wtlmot and Mr. The Lords Popham: baveagreedto

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for grant-to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to sir

Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the emi- Sidney smith, nent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ip* Militia, for encreasing the Number of Field Officers of the fe- g,)})1 oficers veral Regiments of Militia in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tadcaster and for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence j[1l'yRoa<1 to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

S s widening

x58

12° Ma

A. 1801

Chesterfield and Derby Roads Bill.

widening the Road from the Town of through

Collingham, Harewood, Arthingt and to the

Town of Oiley,in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the-Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Heady and several other Roads

in the said Acts mentioned, all in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Enfranchisement ot Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel " of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed " by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charier the " First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the " said Act," in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes " therein mentioned to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Owen Williams have Leave of Ab-

fence. fence for Three Weeks, on Account of his Health.

Horses afkii* tional Dutict Bill, deferred.

The Lords

have passed Arundel Manor Bill.

Gram's Nat. Bill.

Time for receiving Petitions enlarged.

Leave of Ab-Tence.

Paper and Tea Dutits Bill,

passed.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills be enlarged till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams Wynn have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Symonds have Leave to attend the Assizes at Hereford.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into. Great Britain; and on Tea imported into, and fold in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In Schedule (B.) To leave out " Two Shillings and Sixpence," and insert " Three Shillings," intlead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, Hand Part of the Bill;

Ir was refoived in the Affirmative.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into, Great Britain , and on Tea imported into, and fold in, Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stamps additional Duties Bid, read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Pro-mittory Notes, and lnfurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.0

And feme Amendments being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Portage Dutie* Reading of the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Rates and BilJ>

Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rel,orud* punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Marine Muti-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ££rtej/ re* the better Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his*Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Re|x>rt (on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ^t)don Proto consider of the Report which, upon the 24th Day of viiiom. February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and

to

o

Committee on American Flour Bill.

Bill to continue Irish Acts for Suppression of Rebellion, ordered.

Custorai additional Duties Bill, deferred.

41 Geo. III.

12

30 Mar tit.

to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be expedient that Bounties, iimilar to those now payable on the Importation of Corn, Pulse, Flour, and Rice, into Great Britain, should be given on the Importation of the same into Ireland, under such Regulations as may be applicable to the Circumstances of that Country.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: and that Mr. B Lord Viscount Cast tlereagh, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Houfo will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That An Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still unhappily exists " within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the " Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same," might be read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

In passed in the Negative.

Then the said Act was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made, in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " revive, with Amendments, an Act passed last Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Suppression of " the Rebellion which still unhappily exists within this " Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and " Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within " the fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts: And that Lord Viscount tlereagh, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Mr. Beresford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Bill respecting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the

whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Roils in ire-Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United King- lanMeferred. dom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received . upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committeeon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to rao^i°of SpU consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and rits into Scot-40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti 1*nd,defe tuled, " An Act for repealing the Duties of Excite on " Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of " British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for '

" granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering,

" amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament " for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland" as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England and imported into Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to p4h?b5ed°f consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohi- East India bited to be worn or used in Great and ware- de*

housed in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Expiring reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,13* Martii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, i 8 o i.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 56.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Cailington to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Wnt* for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Cailington, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Call, Baronet, deceased,

A Petition

A. 1801.

160 130 Martii.

North Kyme A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pe thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfel ves and others,

' Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying within the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the county of ; and that,

by the said Act, certain Trustees were directed to be appointed, from Time to Time, to carry the same into Execution, and for that Purpose they were empowered to rate and tax all the said Lands and Grounds with such Sum of Money, not exceeding One Shilling per Acre, in any Year, as they should findrequisite; and, if the Money so raised should be found insufficient, then with such further Sum, not exceeding Six Pence per Acre, as they should be authorized to impose, by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose; and that the said Trustees have, from Time to Time, proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and the Rates or Taxes aforesaid have been raised and applied in making and maintaining Works Of Drainage upon the said Lands and Grounds; but the said Rates or Taxes are found very insufficient to defray the Expence of properly draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and for which Purpose it is also necessary that additional Works of Drainage should be made; and that it is re-quisite the said Act should be amended, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and particularly that further Rates or Taxes should be authorized to be laid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and render more eftcftual, the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Walpole, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition of A Petition of the Right honourable John Jeffreys s^lnrt^h"- Pratt, Earl Camden, was presented to the House, and e.itt and S read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term,

v ^T'n'n and a,ter and amend the Powers of an Act, made in the

03 s ' J 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render more effectual several " Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and and other

" Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of " Middlesex, and also to continue, and render more effectual.an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the " Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and " Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to

"to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road " at Islington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so " far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under " the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said " first-mentioned Aftsj and for making a Road from " the said new Road, near Queens Row, to " Wash, and for watching, lighting, and watering, the " said Roads;" and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains certain Clauses, which, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious and detrimental to the Interest of the Petitioner; And therefore praying, That he may be hoard, by his Agents or Count'd, against such Parts of the said Bill as affects his Interest; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present State, and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Agents or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Lem Canal whom the Petition of Charlotta Belhell, Widow, Lady of re*

the Manor of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Norris being examined, said. That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, near the Town of , will not only open a Communication for the more commodious Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between the said Town of Leven and the Port of Kingston upon Hull, but will also tend to the Improvement of the Agriculture of the Country, by rendering the Carriage of Lime and Manure more easy and convenient, and will, in other respects, be of public Utility. — And, the Witness being further examined, said. That it appears by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that such Canal may be easily made; And that the Petitioner is the Owner of all the Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal is proposed to be cut, and is willing and desirous to make and maintain the fame, at her own Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Ejke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Butchers of the Towns of Sheffield £et,ti°" of and Rotherham, in the County of York: And also, ^Sheffield, "

A Petition of the Butchers, Tanners, and Skinners, Rotherun,»nd resident within, and in the Neighbourhood of, the Bo- ®ewtUey* rough of Bewdley, in the county of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing similar Allegations with the Petition which was presented to the House, upon Wednesday last, from the Butchers residing in the Town and Neighbourhood of Kingston upon Hull: And praying. That the said Act, lb far as it relates to the preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, may be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assist- Haiiamshire ants, and Commonalty of the Company of Cutlers, in Pet1'

Hallamshire,

Sheffield Poor Petition,

Hallamshire,in the County of under their Corporate

Seal, and of the several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, interested in the Manufacture of Cutlery Wares, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, vfas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the manufacturing and vending of Knives, Sickles, Shears, Sciffars, Razors, Files, and Forks, made of wrought or forged Iron, and Steel, is carried on at Sheffield, in afor'elaid,

and elsewhere, to a great Extent, and forms a very valuable and important Branch of the Manufactures and Commerce of this Kingdom, and by realon of the general Estimation and Repute to which such Cutlery Wares have been raised by their l'uperior Quality, great Quantities thereof are now annually exported into Foreign Countries; and that many of such wrought or forged Cutlery Wares, namely. Knives, Sciffars, Razors, and Forks, have, for some Time past, been imitated by the like Manufactures of Call Iron, made in Moulds, which Call Iron Manufactures are brittle and weak, and of an inferior Temper and Quality, but are now so well d re fled and polished, and bear so exaCl a Resemblance to the said wrought or forged Cutlery Wares, that a Stranger to the Business scarce can distinguish the one from the other without trying their Strength and Elasticity; and, for Want of some distinguishing Mark upon such Call Iron Wares, great Deceits and Frauds are, and may be, praCliled upon the Public in the vending thereof, and the said wrought or forged Cutlery Wares are in Danger of losing their Repute, and particularly in Foreign Markets; and that certain deceitful and fraudulent Practices have been, and may be, used by Persons marking or stamping upon Knives, Sickles, Shears, Seiffars. Razors, Files, and Forks, or some of them, " Call Steel,or Shear Steel," when such Goods are only common Steel; and that an Act was passed, in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of 'Hallamshire aforesaid, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, some of the Provisions in which Act have been found inconvenient and ineffectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the making and vending of Call Iron Cutlery Wares, and for preventing the Purchasers of such Wares being deceived in the real Quality thereof; and for preventing Persons from striking or marking, upon any Cutlery Wares, any Word or Words, indicating the same to be of a l'uperior Quality to what they really are; and also for amending and rendering more effectual, the said Act of the 3 ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry Laf-

celles. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over-seers of the Poor, and of several principal Inhabitants, of the Township of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor within the said Township have of late Years very much in* creased, and the present Workhouse is become too small for their Reception and Employment; and that if the present Workhouse was taken down, or otherwise disposed of, and a new Workhouse erected in some more convenient Place within the said Township, sufficiently Voi. 56.

large and commodious for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, they might be better maintained, and at a less Expence to the Inhabitants, than at present; and that, if Powers were granted for the better Regulation and Government of the said Workhouse, it would be to the Advantage of the Inhabitants, and of the Poor maintained therein; and that, from the great Increase in the Population of the said Township, the present Burial Ground is become too small for the Purposes for which it was intended, and it is necessary that the same should be enlarged, or a new Burial Ground provided in a more convenient Situation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Laf-celles. Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Yiljhead> in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very ads/.rttageous to the Persons interested, if the same were divided and allotted in Severalty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Goddard, and Mr.

Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thirty-seven Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Pril'on at Winehester: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Castle at Norwich-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons; whose Names are thereunto fuberibed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Effiex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, their Tenants, or Occupiers, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to their Advantage if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur*, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

T t Bram/lon

TiKhead In-cl o!'ure Peti- %

tlQIU

Wincliefter and Norwich Debtors Pet tions.

Creat Chef-terford Inclo* fare Pctm*u

13° Martii. A. 1801.

Bramjlonand Mr. Strutt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Little Cher: A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

terford IhcVo- thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themselves and others* ure etition. interc^ecj jn tf,e Open and Common Fields within the

Parish of Little Chesterfordin the County of Essex, was presented to the Home, and read} Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners* and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, their Tenants, or Occupiers, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement j and it would tend greatly to their Advantage if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Strutt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tolleshunt Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to preieilted.81'1' Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tolleshunt Major, otherwise Tolleshunt Becki in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Arundel Ma- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bill, read, for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His pre-ient Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Enfranchisement " of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor "of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of

"Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for " the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act," in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Slieemef* Pier Sir Edward Knatchbull presented to the House, ac-

Bill,prefeift- cording toOrder, a Bill for building a Pier at Sh

ed.' *' in thelfle of Sheppy,in the County of for alcer-

taining, imposing, and recovering, certain Duties, for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheeruefs), called Blue Town and and for

preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dover and A Bill for altering, widening, and repairing, the Road

Sandwich leading from the Town and Port of Dovor to the Town

committed! and ^ort of Sandwich, through the Parish of

and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham Downs, up KerfneyCourt Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir William Geary, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

f rimley In- A Petition of Catherine Widow, John Bathoe,

cioiuie Peti- JLfquire, and John Bcbb, Esquire, the Testamentary tion. Z/lQuardians of James La Esquire, a Minor, Lord of the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ash, in the County 2

of Surrey, and also Owner and Proprietor of Lands within the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That there are, within the said Manor* certain Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, might be rendered very advantageous to the l'evcral Persons interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purpolbs aforesaid,. under l'uch Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Harcourt and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pnncms Pav-thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of" n,*» Petition. Houses erected upon, or Lellees of, certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the Right honourable Dowager Baronels Southampton, in the Parish of Patterns, in the County of Middlesex,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Pieces or Plots of Ground have lately been laid out for Streets and Squares, and Houses of considerable Yhius are erected, and now building thereon, and many other Houses and Buildings are purposed and intended to be built in the said Streets and Squares; and that certain Parts of the said Streets and Squares are not paved, and are subject to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and if proper Powers were given for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering* the said Streets, Squares, and Places, not paved, and for keeping in Repair, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering, those already paved, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, in the same respectively, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Streets,

Squares, and Places, and to all Persons retorting to or passing through the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under l'uch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the J louie:

And it is referred to Mr. Har court, Mr. Byng, Sec.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Marquis of Exeter, Lord of the Southorpe in-Manor of Southorpe, an Hamlet in the Parish of Barnack, doiure in the County of Northampton, and the humble Petition 0 of Christopher Henry Noel, Esquire, and John Lloyd, the Rector of the said Parish, Owners of Estates in the Manor, 'Lordship, and Hamlet, of Southorpe, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor, Lordship, or Hamlet, certain Open Fields, Pasture, While, and other Unincloled Lands and Grounds, which might be greatly improved by being divided, inclosed, and allotted in Severalty, to the several Perl'ons interested, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall lccin meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dickins, Mr. Cartwright, and General Bertie, do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Reverend Jo Leonard Whitwick Piddocke, Esquire, Ellis Shipley P Esquire, Henry tI.'J^ureP"

Cropper,

Canterbury-Market Bill, passed.

Underbarrovr, &c. Incioiure Petition.

Miferden Inclosure Petition.

41 Geo. III. i f Martii. 163

Cropper, Esquire, Joseph Stinfon, William and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land, Ground,' and Right of Common, within the Lordship and Liberties of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester, and

stone, in the Parish of Whitwick aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lordship or Liberties of Whitwick and Things tone, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed in small Parcels in and over the fame, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the several Persons interested, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specilic Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their Property and Interest therein; and that certain Allotments, or Divisions of Land in T/iringstone,have heretofore been made

amongst the Proprietors, by private Agreement, which Would be of great Advantage and Benefit to the said Proprietors, to be confirmed, and to have the same exonerated from the Payment of Tythe: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, and for confirming the said Allotments and Divisions, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund CradockHartopp and Mr. Legh Keek do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market within the City and County of the City of Canterbury.

Ordered, That Sir John Ho do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the Town ships of and Bradley Field, in the Parish of Kendal, in the County of Wefimor/and, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, certain Commons, Waste Grounds; and Molfes, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons interested, in Proportion to their several and respective Interests, they might be cultivated, and rendered highly productive: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restritftions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Honyzvood and Mr. James Lowther do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Pitt, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and the other Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other the Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, of and in the Parish of Miser-den, in the County of Gloucejlwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the said Parish are several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, which lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but, if the same wrere inclosed, divided, and allotted, in Severalty, it W'ould tend greatly to the Improvement thereof: And therefore Vol. 56.

praying for Leave to bring in a Bill, to effeifluate the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

EJ1 court and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Standish, &e. thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners of, or inte- JjJ;0^ure Pe' rested in Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of St an dish, and the appendant Chapelries of and

Hardwick, and the Parishes of Haresfield and Mcretcti Ftalence, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That there are, within the said Parishes and Chapelries, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands; and that the Lands of the rcl'pective Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Places, lie intermixed and dilperl'ed in small Parcels, and, in their prclent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, and specinc Parts or Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, for or in lieu of their several LanJs, Tythes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests respectively, great Advantage would arile to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosi.ig, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows; Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Standish, and the appendant Chapelries of Randwick and Hardwick, and the Parishes of Haresfield and Valence, in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Eficourt and the Marquis of Worcefierdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Paul Wa then, Esquire, Driver, Bliley Indo-and William Smith, Gentlemen, severally Owners of, or 'fare Petition, interested in, Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of Bifiey, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors' in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Places, lie intermixed and difperled in small Parcels, and, in their prclent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im- provement; but, if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, their several Lands, Tythes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, respectively, great Advantage would arile to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allot-, ting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and ether Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Eficourt and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Fleetwood Parkhurst, Esquire, the Reve- Ripple Inclo. rend Robert Lucas, Doctor in Divinity, and Francis lure Petition, Welles, Gentleman, severally Owners of, or interested in.

Lands and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester,was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed i»

(mill

small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, for and in lieu of their several Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, respectively, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Efcourt, Mr. Lygon, and Mr. Edward , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Keyingham, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Pct'iUon na^e ^ereunt0 subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, cntlon* being Owners of Estates in the several Parishes, Town-ships, and Places, of Keyingham, Marsh, and

Salthaugh Ryhill, and Cam, Burton Pidjea, and Ridgmont, Ottring/iam, Hal Jit am,

Roofs, Rimfwell, TunfallkVax holme,

Humbleton, Fithing, Hilfion Garton, East

ton, Et herd wick, Flint on, and Tanferne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Keyingham,

Ryhill, and Camerton, Burjlwick, and Burton

Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Owjlwick, Roofs, Runfwell, Tunstall, Waxholme, Lelley,

Humbleton, Fithing, Hilfion, Garton, Albrough, , and

Tanjlerne, within the Seigniory of Holderness and East Riding of the County of York-, and that the Commissioners nominated and appointed by, and under the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution; but, by leafon of divers Defects in the said Act, and certain Re-ftridions thereby imposed on the said Commissioners, respecting the Construction and Situation of the Drainage Works, the same have been found to be ineffectual to fulfil the beneficial Purposes of the said Act; and that, by realon of the vast Accretion of new Land between a certain Island or Place, heretofore an Wand in the River Humber, called Sunk If and, and the Shores of the said Seigniory of Holderness, extending from a Place called No Alan's Friend, for several Miles, towards the River Humber, and now amounting to several Thousand Acres; and, by reason of the great and continual Increase of Mud and Warp in the ancient Channel called Keyingham Haven, the Clough, erected and built in pursuance of the said Act, at the aforesaid Place called No Man's Friend, is now so choaked up, and the said Channel is now become so choaked, warped, and silted, as to be inadequate and insufficient for the discharging of the Waters of the said Low Grounds and Carrs trom the said Clough into the said River Humber, and mull, in a lhort Time, be wholly loft; and that the said Low Grounds and Carrs now are, and for some Years pall have been, subject to be overflowed with Water, so as to be w'holly unfit for the Purposes of Agriculture, to the great Damage and Lofsof the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and of the Public; and that there are very considerable Quantities of Land within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, amounting to 2,000 Acres and upwards, capable of receiving Benefit from the said Drainage, over and above the Low Grounds and Carrs, which are now included in the said Act; and that the Drainage of all the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and other Lands, is capable of being made complete and effectual by opening a certain ancient Drain, called Hall Bridge Drain, and discharging the Waters of certain of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, through the said ancient Drain, called Bridge Drain, into the River Humber, through or near to a certain Place called Hedoti Haven, and, by making a Deviation from the said ancient Channel or Haven, called Keyingham Haven, above and near to the aforesaid Place called No Alan's

Friend, and discharging the Waters from the Remainder of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, into the said River Humber, at a certain Place called Creek; and that, in order to obtain a perfect or beneficial Drainage of the Low Grounds, Carrs, and Lands atorclu'd, it is necessary that the said Aid should be repealed, and that new Pow'ers should be granted for effecting Inch Drain age, as well of the Lands and Grounds now comprized in the said Act, as the other Lands and Grounds above-mentioned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the I'urpofts aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the Iloule shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr.

force, See.-. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Townships of and Little

IVeefon, in the Pari (It of Rozvley in the East Rilling of the County of York,there are certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are computed to contain, in the Whole, about 3,000 Acres; and that the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for efleifling the Purposes above mentioned, lubjcct to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Lascelles and Mr. IVilberforcdo prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the Parish of in

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if inclosed anil divided amongst the several Persons interested, in Proportion to their several Interests, they might be cultivated, and rendered highly productive: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under l'ucli Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Iloule shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lajce/lesand Mr. IV do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Township of Thurlfone,in the Parish of in

the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Township there are several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and an Open Common Field, or

Mesne

RipHnetam, &c. InclosurC Petition*

B rod (Worth Inclosure Pc* tition.

TlrulHone

IndoJure Petition.

005 le

Thirik and Skipton Bridge Roads Petition*.

settlewell In-dofure Petition*

4* Geo. III. 13° -

Mesne Inclosure, in and ov£? which Lands and Grounds the Petitioners, and others, are entitled to certain Rights and Interests; and that the said Lands and Grounds, in their present State, are incapable of being properly cultivated and improved; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Parties interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they might be rendered much more Valuable: And therefore praying, That Leave ihay be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Closing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur1-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

HenryLafcelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Perforts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the Execution of the several Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act. was passed in the a8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipion Bridge, through to,

adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to , and through Dinderby, Quernhow, and Nofterfield, by Well

Flajhes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York, and likewise for removing the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Bushby Stobb, in the said County, to some other

convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough Bridge to the City of Durham; and another Act was paised in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Ad; and that the Trustees, authorized to put the said Act in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on Security of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts, which are near expiring, be continued for a further Term; and it is also expedient that several of the Tolls, Powers, and Provisions, thereby granted, be altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ih a Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reltridions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr. Wil-

ber force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverehd Richard Clerk,

and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefertted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Totonships of and

ione, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, certain Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons, and Conifione Moor, containing, by Estimation, 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are also Seven undivided Stinted Paftutes, for the de*-pasturing of Cattle and Sheep, called Kettlewell Cam, Middlefmoor, Langliff, New Close, Old Pafiure, Nook, and Kelber,containing together, by Estimation, 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are also several Open and Uninclosed Fields, or Parcels of Ground, called Bowerfiie Leys, Gainfi Banks, and Flofh Leys, Wetlands, HigAgate Leys, Wefi Fields, Haw Fields, Hay Tongue, Scargil/s, Flat Leys, Bleadike, IVheybeck, and Long Rood Leys, and also several other Leys and small Parcels of Waste Ground, containing altogether, by Estimation, 150 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners are the Owners - Vol. 56.

Vtartii.

and Proprietors of the said Commons dnd Waste Grounds, and of the Cattle-gates, or Beast-gates, on the said Stinted Pastures, and also Owners and-Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said Open Fields; and that the Lands and Grounds in the said Open Fields lie dispersed and intermixed with each other; and the said Commons, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, are hot, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, the same being over stocked with Cattle, for want of a regular Stint, and are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage, as they might be, if the said Commons or Moors, and Waste Grounds, were inclosed by Ring Fences, and reduced to a regular Stint; and the said Stinted Pastures and Open Fields divided and inclosed, and Ipecific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights in the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the Commons or Moors called Kettlewell Commons, and Conifione Moor, and Waste Grounds, also, for dividing and inclosing the said several Stinted Pastures and Open Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Hull River thereunto lubscribed, being Commissioners for executing Navigation an Act, paised in the 7th Year of the Reign of His Petition' present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull, and FrodinghamBeck, from Aike Beck Mouth,

to the Clough, on the East Corner of and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough, into or near to, the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York; and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the said Act, or otherwise interested in the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners appointed by and under the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, but the said Navigation Hill remains defective and infufEcient, by reason of many Shoals in the said River and Beck, and of the crooked Course of the fame; and that the said Navigation might be greatly amended, by removing the said Shoals, and by making of Cuts where necessary, and would be still further facilitated, and rendered less expensive and tedious, if proper Towing Paths were made on the Sides thereof; and that, if a Branch, or Cut, were made by the Wcfi Beck frotn the said River Hull,at or near a Point thereof, of-pofite to Emmetland, to Corps Landing, in the Parish of

Hutton Cranswick, in the said Riding, and from the Clough, on the East Corner of Fishaforesaid, to Frodingham Bridge, in the same Riding, such Branches, or Cuts, would be productive of great Benefit to the Neighbourhood, and be of public Utility; and that, in order to effect the several Works aforesaid, it is necessary that the Powers of the said Act should be amended and enlarged, and some further Tolls or Tonnage Rates granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efTefling the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Uu An

Weedon In* closure Bill, paiFed,

Macclesfield Roads Bill, presented.

Shottelbrook In closure Petition.

Tiverton Road« Bill, passed.

Harmon di-worth, &c. Inclosure Petition.

*66 3° Martii. A, i8or.

An mgrofled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Comtnon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of Hard?in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, ind other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of JVeedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers-, of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken CroJ's, in Maccin the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at in the County of Derby, and for making, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road: And the same was received; and fead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of and White Waltham, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are not capable of being cultivated to the greatest Advantage; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested, in Proportion to their several and respect ive Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, the same would be highly beneficial to the Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George anfittart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in thcThirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. William Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the several Par lilies of Harmondfivorth, Cranford, and , in

the County of Middlesex,divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable 9

1 J*

Lands and Grounds, and divers Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which ire intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerabl'e Improvement; but, if the same were divided', and specific Shares thereof made, fe't out. and allotted, to the several Persons interested, it would be of great Advantage to them: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in i Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds^-iri such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the iame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Fulham in thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Fulham, and aUtuu*' the Hamlet of Hammersmith, having Right of Common

within the Manor and Parish of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read , Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Hamlet, several Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds uncultivated, containing, in the Whole, 250 Acres, or thereabouts, in which the Petitioners have Right of Common; and that, conceiving it Would be of Advantage to the said Parish and Hamlet, and to ail Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds (laving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, the Rector, Vicar, and Lay Impropriator) if the same were inclosed and let, and the Produce thereof applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish and Hamlet: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, letting, and leafing, the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Refine-tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur*-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Whitchurch, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others* interested in, and entitled unto, certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Whitchurch, Ganerew, and Langarren, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, about 1,100 Acres, which, in their present State, are of little Value, and incapable of any Improvement j but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Biddu/ph and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc CastleFmomr, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and p^"]j'ofure others. Proprietors of several Commons, Common Fields, and claiming Right of Common on Two small Commons, or Waste Lands, in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishops Froome,

Much Cowarne, and Evejbach, in the said County of

Hereford,

toaj*

Dumfries Roads Petition.

Herefbfd, arid kite a ceft&m Criihlftriri Field, galled liijl 'Field, fit bite in it tie Hid k\kril Farilbes of ‘Fido'me ihd ‘Btfho'p's Fioome. 'was prefen'ted to the House, and read; Setting fd'fth, That tnefo are, within the said Parish ‘df Chjtle Froome,i'vvo Tfniall Cdrntttori Past tires, or

Waste Lands, called Summer Foie Hilly and Juniper , containing about iq Acres, and also several Common Fields^ called Great South Field, Little South Field, Great Ash Moore Fields Little Ash Moore Field, Mil fend Field,

'Moorend Field, Ruc&teys, Haycro/t, and Broadfeld, containing, ‘together, 250 Acres, or thereabouts, and all'o a Certain Common. Meadow, calle'd Fong Frodmy, the greater Parc of which is within the said Parish of Cajlfe \Froome, and, thetithe/ Part within the said several Parishes of Bishops Froome, Much Coz and Fvejhach; and

'that tire said Common Meadow contains, in the Whole,

150 Acres, or thereabouts, and also a certain Common Field, called Frooipes Hill Field, situate in the said levera! Parishes of Cajile Froome and Froome, and containing about 30 Acre?; and that the said Waste Lands are, 5n their 'present State, of very little Value, and the Lands of the several Proprietors, Within the Paid Common Fields and Common Meadow, lie intermixed in ‘imall Parcels, knd are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to "bring in a Bill for dividing, Allotting, and, fncldling, the said Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Common Meadow, in such Maimer, and under such Regulations and Rest'riftions, as to the House shall leefhfheqt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant ‘to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. iliddulph and Mr. Scudamore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Pruftees for putting in Fxe'cution an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by Ae Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries", and also, another Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from by Annan, Dum-

fries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr; and the Road from Corse-narget, to IVanlockHead, in the said County of Dumfries, '

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and sundry Slims of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted; and, that it would greatly tend to the "further and more speedy Reparation of the said Roads, if the said Acts were repealed, and all the said Roads comprized in One Act; and that the Road from the East End of the Town of Annan, through Annan Common and Stapleton, by the Bridge over the Water of Kirktle at Beltenmout,or by a new Bridge to be built over the Water o { Kirhie, and to join the Purn-pike Road from Grateney, to Moffat; the Road from the East of the Village of Domock, by Woodhall and Staple-ton, through Annan Common, to join the Road from Annan to Langholm; the Road from the Turnpike Road from Annan to Langholm, on the Top of the 'and leading by Brenteth, ChapJeknow, and Milikenfbufh Fridge, to HeadiefsCroff, where it joins the Turnpike , Poad from Grateney, to Moffat; the Road from hill, by Peaponl and Mins hive, j to' the Confines of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, the Road from the "West of Curron Bridge, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Lanark, towards and the lload

from MennockToll Bar, by IVanicckhead, to the'Confines

of the County of Lanark, are in bad Repair, and, in prany Places, lb ruinous, that Travellers cannot, at all Times, conveniently or iafely.pass thereon, nor can they be, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Funds levied under the Authority of the Laws now in Force: Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring fn Vot. 56.

a M, for repealing the Acts alj0vc-ment!0ncd, rind

for c'ohfolidating the ftoads therein described into One Act, and for enabling the Petitioners to make and repair ‘the Branches 6‘f Road above-mentioned, in such Manner, arid under such Regulations arid Restrictfons,; as the House shall think proper. . ' _

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the "Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Heron, Mr. Wifliam Dundas, See.: Arid they are to meet To-rnprrow .'Meaning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanark arid Dumbarton, was presented to the House, and read; Se'ttingforth, Thatby ari Aftpaffedin the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers df an Act, Rafted fh the 26th Yoaf of his late MajestR King George the Second-, for repairing federal Roads lead frig infto the City of ;jtnd cff

'anfofcher Act, passed in the 2)th Year of tlte Reigh of Iris laid late Majesty, to explain, amend, arid 'render Vriofe efleftrial, the said Act; arid of another Act, passed in the roth Year erf th6 Reign 'df His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term -and PoWets tifari Act, made in the 26th Yfear of the Reign of King George 'titeSeftmd, 'for repairing federal -Roaas leading info the City of Gldfgozu, to far as the fafrre 'relates to the Diftrift of Rdads From Lnchbelty ‘ Bridge to Glffgoiv, and from -Glasgo'w to RedbufH Bridge, and for altering rind ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned DHlrifttif Road, so far as the famfe folate to the said Road firorii hlckbelly Bridge to and for more effectually making, repairing, widening,-'and keeping in Repair, the said Road, rind the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Bridge

to Glasgow, and leading to Calderbridge, and from thence,

by or near Balmore, tothc Church of New Kilpatrick, arid from thence, by dr near: Lawmto the ToWn at Old Kilpatrick,b'egirfning rit the Bridge across the Allander., on the Road from Longbarck , by to Glasgow,on the'East, rind ending at the ToWn of Old Kilpatrick, on the West, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngadhill to Provan Mill, and to 'the jpre-sent Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, certain Trusteeswere authorized to survey, make, amend,widen, repair, and keep in Repair, the said Roads, and fuhdry Powers were thereby'given to the Trustees, particularly (a Power to borrow certain Sums df Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted upon the aforesaid respective Roads-; and that large Sums of Money have been borrowed, in pursuance of the Powers-granted by the said Act, upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Road from IiicJibelly Brid to Glasgow, and-upon the said Road branching from the.aforesaid Road frotn Inchbelly Bridge to Glajgozv, and leading oxer Garngadhill

-to Provan ‘Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road kading to'Gianbernauld, which are still unpaid; and great Progrels has been made in making, repairing, -arid widening, the said- Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and the said *Rdad leading over Garngadhill to Proven Mill, and to the-present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld-, but the said Roads cannot be effectually made, repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money lo borrowed repaid, unleis the Term of the said Act, of the 3.5th Year of His present Majesty, be enlarged, in lb far as the same relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road leading from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and' jeading over Garngadhill to Proven Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld-. and unless further 2nd other Powers be granted for these Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may

be

Glasgow Roads Pcti tion.

tfurfledon Bridge Pcti» tion.

Bishops Waltham and Westmeon Road Bill, reported*

Oxford Um-vtrfiiy Writ.

168 13 MartiL1801.

be given to bring in a Bill, for extending or enlarging Sir John Stuart presented to the House, acceding to Selkirk Road* the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging, the Order, a Bill for regulating, making, and repairing, the Present‘ Powers of the said Act, passed in the 35th Year of His High Roads in the county of : And the fame

present Majesty's Reign, in so far as the said Act relates was received; and read the First Time.

to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time, the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road from

Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngadhill A Petition of the several Persons, whoYe Names are Maid done to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road lead- thereunto subscribed, being the Commissioners for exe- Peu*

ing to Cumbernauld; and for more effectually making, re- curing an Act, passed ifi the 31 ft Year of His present

pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid Majesty, for widening, improving, regulating, paving.

Roads. cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the public raflages and Places, within the King's Town of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for improving and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, appear to them, to the House: and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said

And it is referred to Mr. Heron, Mr. William Dundas, Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at within the Parish of Maidstone, was presented to the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have House, and read; Setting forth. That the Commission-Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. 'ers have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and made great Progress therein; and that the A Petition of the Company of the Proprietors of ^um' authorized to be raised by the said Act, hath Burjledon Bridge and Roads, was presented to the House, ^.cen duly applied j but the same being found lnfuffi-and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Cl.ent> *,e Commissioners have not been able to com-37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Plete the good Purposes of the said Act, and have also Petitioners were incorporated, and empowered, to build incurred several conl.derable Debts, now remaining un-a Bridge over Burjledon River, at or near the Ferry of Paid* and which cannot be d 1 scharged, unless a further Burjledon, in the County of Southampton, and to make ^uni Money is raised on the Credit of the Rates and maintain Roads to communicate therewith; and, ^jre!^ £rantecJ> an^ f Power given to mcrease the that the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress £ald Rate that ,t is expedient the Powers and in the Execution of the said Act; but, find that the Pjovlfi?ns of the said Act should be explained, amend-Money thereby authorized to be raised will be very in- c<^> anc^ enlarged:. therefore Pra)f,ng> a hat Leave adequate to enable them to complete the said Bridge , Sivfn *°. ^nng in a Bui for effecting the several and Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe £urP0^s aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners to raile -^gu^tions and Reltridhons, as to the House shall seem

a further Sum of Money, under such Regulations and.

Restrictions, as the House shall think proper. „ Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa, -Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ne the Matter thereofi and rePort the fa^e, as it mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it diad aP?ear to them, to the House: shall appear to them, to the House: And 11 1S referred to Sir Matthew Bloxam, Sir Edward

And it is referred to Mr. George Henry Rose, Mr. Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Amyatt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- MorninS'a* Nir>e of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chaining, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and atcc0lds*

Record *

A Petition of Alexander Croke, John Parker, and the *"?

... „ rr _ . othefPersons>whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be- cioiure Peti-

Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, ing Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within tion. to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a con- the Townships or Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the venient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road Parish of , in the Counties of Oxford and -

on Curdrtdge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham,//<7Wj on Behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietor* tojom the Turnpike Road at or nt&r Filmerhill, and Owners of Linds and Estates within the Parish,

in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Townfhps, and Hamlets aforesaid, was presented to the Road on CorhamptonDown,to the Village of Corhamp- House, and read; Siting forth. That there are, within

ton, all in the County of Southampton, was committed; -the said parish o{ and the Hamlets of Hortorl

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of and Studley, or fume of them, several Open and Com-the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the mon p[e;jSj and also large and extensive Commons or Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Wastes, containing several Thousand Acres; and that Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the Petitioners, with others, the Ow ners and Proprie-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his tors of Lands and Estates within the said Town fir ips or Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Hamlets, have intermixed Rights and Shares of Land ' Amendments, 4a at the Clerks Table: Where the an{j Ground within the said Common Fields, and also Amendments were Once read throughout > J*nd then a a Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste;

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe- and that the said Common Fields, and the Commons or verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Waite thereto belonging, are, in their present State, very Ordered, ft hat the Bill, with the Amendments, be unproductive, by being badly cultivated, so that no ingrossed. Improvement can be made thereon in their present

State; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to said Common Fields and Wastes should be inclosed, di-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for vided, and allotted into such Parts, Shares, and Pro-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- portions, as the Petitioners, and others, having a Right liament for the University of Oxford, in the room of and Interest in the said Common Fields and Wastes,

Francis Page, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of may appear to be justly entitled unto, which would be Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty's Three C hiltern to the great Advantage of all Parties interested: And Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in County of Buckingham. a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said

g Common

'fyne Bridge Petition*

Croydon and Kotherhithe Cana! Bill, committed.

41 Geo. Ill* 13

Common Fields, and Commons or Waites thereto be- longing, and letting out specific Parts thereof for the Petitioners, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Matthew Bloxam, Sir Edward , and Sir

William Geary, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed in and by an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the 12th and 19th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of upon Tyne and Gateshead,in the County of and

making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, and Avenues, leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of in the County of

Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with divers other Persons, were appointed by the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Trustees for putting the same in Execution, and they have, by the Money arising from the Tolls, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, completed such Works as the said Act pre-feribes and directs to be carried into Effect, which, the Petitioners conceive, tend much to the Safety and Accommodation of the Public j and that the Money now remaining due on the Credit of the said Tolls amounts to the Sum of £. 8,000, and upwafds, and the Term created by the said Act will expire in the Year 1803, within which Period the Tolls collected by virtue thereof will not be sufficient to discharge the said Sum of £.8,000, and the Interest attending the fame; and that it will materially conduce to the further Convenience of the Public, if the Petitioners wrere empowered to add to the said Stone Bridge, by Means of additional Arches of Stone, projected from the Piers thereof, so as give to the same an increased Width of Twelve Feet, or thereabouts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and to continue the Tolls now collected and received by virtue thereof, for such further Term as will be necessary to raile Money sufficient to discharge the said Sum of £.8,000 so remaining due on the Credit of the said Tolls aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and the Expence attending such additional Arches, and to answer the other Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bur don, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Wharf, in the Town

of Rotherhithe, in the said County, and for supplying

the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Voi,. 56.

in the County of Rent, with Water from the said Canal, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 4th Day of this Instant Marchj praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, declined being heard on the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Sir John Frederick, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the said several Persons Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; ifrmtaml and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Couni'el or-Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Com- dered* mittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk, have Leave to at- Leave Attend the Assizes for the County of Norfolk. ftnce'

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Certain Per- upon the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the son» from the Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Poor Rate‘* Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Lord William Russell, )

1 eiiers lor the 1 eas, ^General 7arleJon f 37*

Tellers for the Noes Johnstone, S tellers for the i\oes, ^Mr. Simon j 37.

And the Members being equal, Mr. Speaker declared himself with the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagk presented to the House, Bill to conti-according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited. Two Acts, passed in that Part of lion of Rebel-the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the 39th and Bon,present. 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for e ‘ the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

CWtreJ, That Mr. Edward CcLehave Leave to attend Leave of Ab-the Assizes at Derby. ence'

Ordered, That Mr. Howard have Leave to attend the Assizes at Gloucester.

X x The

A. i8ot.

170 13

A£h of the The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament of }aft- Session of the Parliament of intituled, " An

spe<a?ngre" " Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Suc-Postage, and w cessors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage to^be^conii-'5' " and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within detect. " this Kingdom," might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and " Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be " levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp " Duties," might be read j

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and " Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the " Fortieth Year of thelieign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, His " Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for ma- naging the Stamp Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

to conti- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last detaining Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, " An Suspefted " Ad to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief dered"' °r" " Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and

" detain such Persons as he or they Hull suspect, for 1 " conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Lord Viscount Cast Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Houserefolvcs Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the MondayC° ^ou*e ^is Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Colkoun have Leave to attend the

fence. Assizes for the County of Norfolk,

Mutiny Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third passed. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Marine Mu- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third riny Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Regulation paired. His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine

Forces while on Shore, Until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- A«fof the, ferred to consider of several Acts made in the last irehnd.ent° Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, " An (Continuing " Act for granting, for One Year, the several Duties uty-'

" therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified, during the " said Term, and for regulating the Trade between " this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned and also, " An Act for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers in, and Sellers of, such Wines, on " the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand Eight " hundred, and for securing certain Duties of Excite " thereon, and for granting to His Majesty a further " Duty on Rum imported, and certain Duties on the " Exportation of certain Goods to the Planta-

‘‘ tions in America and the West Indies, in lieu of all " other Duties ;" and allb, " An Act for the Union of " Great Britain and Ireland and also, " An Act for " amending, and making perpetual, the several Laws " for regulating the Watch in the District of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon " Pawnbrokers," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by the said Acts, which were made payable until the 25thDay of March x8oi,should be further continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Lord Viscount

Castlereagh, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Flour Bill, «-increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last p°

Session of Parliament, on Flour imported from,

in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Crofton, Chief Papers re-Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the prdenteJ House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° i. An Abstract of the Duties collected under the £"^\. c. Commissioners of Customs and Excile in Ireland (exclusive of the Appropriated Duties;) also, an Account of the Stamp Duties and Poll Office Revenue, for One Y'ear, with the Expence of Management, Drawbacks,

Premiums,

-Appropriated

Duties.

Charges of Government.

Duties applicable to Loans.

State of National Account.

Appropriated

Duties.

Appendix

(No. 20.)

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply deferred.

Customs additional Duties Bill, deterred.

Committee on Duty on Removal of Spirits into Scotland, deferred.

Committee on Removal of prohibited East India Goods, deferred.

41 Geo. III. 130 MartiL ' i7t

Premiums, &c. from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day iSoOt

And also,

N° 2. An Abstract of the several Appropriated Duties in Ireland, for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800: And also,

N° 3. A State of the Establishments and other Charges of Government in ', for One Year, the

Civil List ending the 25th, and the Military the 31st, of March 1800; together with the Payments made by the Treasury, the Arrears remaining unsatisfied, and the Remains: And also,

N° 4. A State of the Duties and Aids applicable to the Loans, and the Charges thereon, in for One

Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800; together with a general State of the Loan Funds, and also of the Surplus thereof at Lady Day 1800: And also,

N° 5. A General State of the National Account of Ireland, for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800; with a State, distinguishing the funded from the unfunded Debt: And also,

N° 6. A General State of the several Appropriated Duties in Ireland (exclusive of the Loan, which appears in N0 4) for One Year, from Lady Day 17 99 to Lady Day 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Railins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of Exciseon " Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of " British-madtSpirits from England to Scotland, 'and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland" as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being ex-Vol. 56.

ported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the IV? Indies;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed for repairing the Roads from Hurdlow House to Manchester, and other Roads therein particularly de-

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of ,to Manchester, in

the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from stone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel enle Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at IVhaley, in the said County of Chester; and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which Money is still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, feme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls thereby granted, increased; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of public. Utility, if a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road at ot near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to or near Buxton aforesaid, were made, and kept in Repair, under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. of

Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet to Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Moll noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, and the humble Petition of Dennis Frith, Anthony Ingall, and of several of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Town-ships or Liberties of Styrrup and in the Parishes

of Blyth and Hartvorth,or one of them, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors in the Open Fields in the said Town-Ihips or Liberties, lie intermixed and dispersed in final]

Parcels,

Expiring Laws BUI. deferred.

Hurdlow House and Manchtller Roads Petition.

Styrrup and Oldcoats Inclosure Petition.

Everton, Scaftworth, &c. Drainage Petition,

leave of Absence*

Whitehaven Harbour Petition, reported.

13® — 16° Martii. 1801.

Parcels, and are, at present, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and if Power was given to allot, or divide, and inclose the Open Fields, Meadows, Partures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Townships or Liberties, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont, Lord Viscount Galway, and Mr. Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringleyon the Hill, Miflerton, and in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the said several Parishes or Townships, and the Commissioners thereby appointed have proceeded to carry the same into Execution; but the said Act hath been found insufficient to make an effectual and complete Drainage of the said Low Lands and Grounds, and it is necessary that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Parker Coke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Noel's Leave of Absence be enlarged for a Week.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuncCy 16° d Martii;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Praxers.

MR. James Lowt/ier reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose s are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumbewas referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present, informed Your Committee, That several Acts have been passed concerning the said Harbour, and various Doubts have arisen relative to the Conitruction thereof in many Respects.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. 4-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Kinfarein-certain Commons or Waste Lands, called mon, Great Checkhtll, and Little within the

Manor arid Pari Ih of Kinver,otherwise in the County of Stafford,was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Notice of letting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Ciaule was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Great

Ckeckhill, and Little Cheek hill, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Ki fare, in the County of Stafford

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Dundaspresented to the House, according Kennet and

to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprie- Bill^prefeiit-tors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to com- «<J. plete the fame, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Fisherton Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the ift, 2d, and 20th,

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George mitted. the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Ftjhert Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Sir Robert Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Chippenham, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the several Towns of Chippenham, Caine, and Cor foam, and the Places tion. adjacent, lying within the Hundreds and Lordship, or Liberty, herein after mentioned, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That an Act was paired in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more cafy ami speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Cahie, and Darner ham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the county of ; and that the said Act has been found defective, and insufficient, to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established, lor the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the several Towns and Places aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulation, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eft court, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Bu-forJ Ro»d tng and enlarging the Powers, of Two A ft s, passed in

the

4i Geo. III. i

the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin<* George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of-His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand-attd-PoJ in Upton in the Pa*

rifli of Burford, in the County of to a Place, in

the Pari Hi of Prefon, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers* of TwoAfts, passedintheTwenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the

Post,.in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of , in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jhmmdgate, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain b'Vi Inc£''ire Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two ‘ »P e Parcels of Ground called The Intack, or Cow and

Shaw Wood, within the several Town ships of gate, and Witton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chefer and Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing ail Right of Common, in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands, within the several Townships of Framwelgate, and Witton Gilbert aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Notice of letting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which, being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for settling the Commissioners Accounts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 155. 1. 23. To leave out from " thereto" to " And" in Pr. 159, 1.16.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack, or Cow and Shaw Wood,

within the several Townships of Framwelgate and Witton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lan-ckefler, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common on certain inclosed Intercommon Lands within the same Townships

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ihmfbbte Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Roads Bill, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and presented. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to Shafford House, in the County of And the

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 56.

A Petition of Matthias Koops,of James Street, in the KooptHdent Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, in the County of Petitl0JU

Middlesex, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner* after much Trouble, Labour, and Expence, hath discovered and invented a Mode of manufacturing Paper from Straw,

Hay, Thistles, Waste and Refuse of Hemp and Flax, and different Kinds of Wood and Bark, fit for printing, and other useful Purposes; in Consideration of which Invention His Majesty has been graciously pleased to grant unto the Petitioner Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of that Part of His Majesty's United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, dated the 17th Day of February last, for the Term of Fourteen Years, with a Proviso contained in the said Letters Patent, that, if the Petitioner should not particularly describe and ascertain the Nature of his said Invention, and the Manner the same was to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and cause the same to be inrolled in the Court of Chancery of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Date of the said Letters Patent, the said Letters Patent, and all the Liberties and Advantages thereby granted, should utterly cease, determine, and become void; and also a Proviso, that, if the Petitioner, his Executors or Administrators, or any Person or Persons which should or might at any Time or Times hereafter* during the Continuance of the said Grant, have or claim any Right, Title, or Interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, and Authority, of the foie Ule and Benefit of the said Invention thereby granted*

should make any Transfer or Alignment, or any pretended Transferor Assignment, of the said Liberty and Privilege, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit or Profit thereof, or should declare any Trust thereof to of for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of Five, or should open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for Public Subscriptions to be made by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of Five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege thereby granted, or should by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever of any Number of Persons, exceeding in the Whole the Number of Five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes, or should prelume to act as a Corporate Body, or should divide the Benefit of the said Letters Patent, or the Liberties and Privileges thereby granted, into any Number of Shares exceeding the -Number of Five, or should commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing* whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Persons should have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, in or to the said Premises, which would be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by His Majesty by Two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned (or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, should at any Time thereafter become veiled, or in Trust, for more than the Number of Five Persons* or their Representatives, at any one Time, reckoning Executors or Administrators, as and for the single Person whom they represent, as to such Interest as they were or should be entitled to, in Right of such their Testa-for or Intestate) that then, and in any of the said Cafes, the said Letters Patent, and all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever, thereby granted, should utterly cease, determine, and become void, any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding i and that, in order to carry on the said Manufac-

Y y ture

ture of making Paper from the Substances before-mentioned with Efl'edl, and so as to render it beneficial and advantageous both to Government and the Public, as well as to the Petitioner, will require a large Sum of Money, far beyond the Means or Power of the Petitioner to bring forward or advance, but several Gentlemen of Property and Respectability have agreed to advance and hazard a large Capital in the establishing the said Manufacture, and carrying the same into Effect, on being permitted to become Partners or Shareholders in the fame, and, for the Purpose of establishing the fame, are ready to agree to build, in the Vicinity of London, a very large Manufactory, which, the Petitioner conceives, will be of great National Benefit, as it will increase the Revenue, employ numerous Hands, of both Sexes, and of all Ages, and prevent the Necessity of so much Money being sent to the Continent for the Purchase of Rags, as also increase the Value of Lands, and ultimately reduce the Price of Paper, and, in the Course of Time, enable Government, without injuring the Trade, to reduce the Drawback now paid to the Exporters of Paper, as Paper manufactured from Straw, Hay, and other Vegetable Substances, might be sold at a cheaper Rate for Use on the Continent, than they now are able to manufacture it from Rags; but the Petitioner is unable to accede to l'uch Proposal, in consequence of the last mentioned Proviso contained in the said Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner has also prepared a particular Description of his said Invention and Discovery, pursuant to the Proviso contained in the said Letters Patent, and, in order that the true Intent and Meaning of the said Proviso may be complied with, and the full Benefit of the said Invention may be secured to all His Majesty's Subjects . at the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years; but he is informed, that, if the said Invention be inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, there is no Means of preventing Copies thereof from being obtained by Foreigners and others, who will thereby have the Advantage over His Majesty's Subjects, in as much as they will be enabled to make Use of the Petitioner's said Invention and Discovery in neighbouring Countries, and more especially in France, which exports large Quantities of Paper for Paper Hanging to America, previous to the Expiration of the Term of the said Letters Patent, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, who might otherwise supply those Countries with Paper, for the Reasons before stated, during the said Term, and to the Disadvantage of the Trade of this Kingdom, which would otherwise be very much benefited by his said Invention; and that the Petitioner is also soliciting, and has Reasons to believe he shall obtain, Letters Patent for that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, as also for that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland j and that the Petitioner conceives it will be expedient, for the Reasons above stated, that the said particular Description so prepared by him, instead of being inrolled in the Court of Chancery of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, and as may be directed by the said Letters Patent now soliciting for those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, and that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, and consequently made accessible to improper Persons, should be delivered within the said limited Time to such principal Officers of the Courts of Chancery and Chancellary of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as may be thought proper for their Inspection and Satisfaction, as to the Sufficiency of such Description or Specification, and that the same should be kept under their Seals, to be resorted to by the said Officers on all necessary Occasions, without being open to the Inspection of Foreigners and others: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for authorizing such Delivery of the said particular Descrip-4

tion or Specification within the said limited Time, instead of the same being inrolled in the said Courts of Chancery and Chancellary; and, that for effectually securing to the Petitioner, and the Public, the Benefit and Advantages of the said Invention and Discovery, and enabling the Petitioner to carry the same into Effect, the said Letters Patent, and the Liberties and Advantages thereby granted, may be extended to such Number of Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions, as may answer the Purposes before-mentioned; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Elford, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Addington, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, and of Chancellor and under Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Corse Castle, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Nathaniel Bond, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of the Right honourable George Thynne, commonly called Lord George who hath

accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Huffey have Leave of Absence for a Fortnight, on Account of the Death of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Anson have Leave of Absence for a Fortnight, on Account of the Illness of a very near Relation,

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner have Leave of Absence for a Week, on Account of very pressing Business.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Davers have Leave to attend the Assizes for the County of.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregor have Leave of Absence for a Fortnight, on Account of the Death of a near Relation.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on the Estates in the County of Northumberland, devised by the Will of Henry Reveley, Esquire, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned $ to which the Lords desire the-Concurrence of this House: And also.

The

Devize*Writ,

Corse Grille Writ

Weohler

Writ

Leave of Ah-fence.

The Lord* have passed Reveley'* Efface Bui.

41 Geo. III. tS'Martii.

*7$

Weltje'* Nat* Bill*

Engftrfcm's Nat. Bill.

Reveler's Ef-Ute Bill, read.

BUI respecting Coals, presented.

leave of Ab-ience.

Bill to relieve certain Person* from the Poor RateS| reported*

American FJour BUI, paired.,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for liament on flour imported from , in Ships

naturalizing Amelia Weltje-, to which the Lords desire which shall have cleared out between certain Periods, the Concurrence of this House: And also, be now read.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for And the said Order being read accordingly;

naturalizing Hans Peter Engstrbm; to which the Lords The said Bill was read the Third Time,

desire the Concurrence of this House. Resolved, That the Bill do pass *. And that the Title

And then the Messengers withdrew. be. An Act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act from , in Ships which shall have cleared out be-

for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on the Estates tween certain Periods.

in the County of Northumberland, devised by the Will Ord, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the of Henry Reveley, Esquire, in Trustees, for certain Pur* Lords, and desire their Concurrence, poses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, foi* the House Committee «i

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to upon the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to Order, a Bill for repealing the several Acts now in the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable Force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great of Goals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Ma-committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the jetty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act,

'tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Mid- made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present dlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, de-and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, adjoining stroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Sea* thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the men and others from pursuing their lawful Occupa-Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish tions, be now read.

of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the said County of And the said Order being read accordingly;

Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying be- The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

tween Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

and for making more effectual Provision for those Pur- Mr. took the Chair of the Committee,

poses, and for preventing the Impositions practised on Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Coalheavers, on the River "Thames, by Coal Under- Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they takers: And the same was received; and read the First had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*

Time. ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham have Leave to attend the Assizes for the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull have Leave to attend the Assizes for the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That a Poor Person asking for Relief shall not be compelled to give up his Property.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Report of the said Bill be adjourned till Morn-

ing next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee and on the Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingossed, for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Par-

Vox,. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hors« tddi-Reading of the ingossed Bill for granting to His Ma- g^p^af* jetty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Persons occupy* ing Small Farms, from the Duty on Horses used in Husbandry.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting from Duty Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, which, being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 5. 1. 15, After " Britain" to insert w or any " Person licensed by the Commit*

sioners for licensing or regulating " Hackney Coaches and Chairs " within the Cities of London " and Westminster, and the Suburbs

" thereof."

1. 18. After " by" to insert "any."

1. 20. After " Carriage" to insert " or any " Hackney Coach."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

vj 6

16°Martiu

A\ 1801.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, and for exempting from Duty, Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

<6

Stamps additional Duties Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases,

Bonds, or other Deeds, be now read.

And the said Order being read;

The House proceeded accordingly.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 14.1. 13, by leaving out the Words " Four " Pounds Ten Shillings,*' and inserting the Words Morning, " Eight Pounds," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Four Pounds Ten Shillings" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to

levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp " Dutiesand also, " An Act to amend and explain " an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, a'nd Successors, several " Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeli into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

the Bill, in Pr. 17. 1. 17, by inserting after the Word might be read

The House was moved. That an Act made in the last Session of the Parliament of intituled, "An Act to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited Time,'*

Irish Distillerr

Bill, ordered!

'* One," the Words " in that Part of Great Britain " called England, and from and after the First Day of " August One thousand Eight hundred and One, in

" that Part of Great Britain called Scotland."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit further the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And that Lord Viscount , Mr.

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Beresford, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor

was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to eon. timie Irish Act, for detaining Suf-peftedPcr-hmw, present* ed.

General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which (till exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons Lord Viscount CaJIlereagh presented to the House, and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to the fame, be now read.

Bill to continue Irish Acts for Suppression of Rebellion, committed.

be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to impower " the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or " Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring " against His Majesty's Person and Government:" And the same was received'; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from g;u rerl)eaing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill the office ot Lord Viscount Castlereagh presented to the House, for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of the

according to Order, a Bill for continuing, for a Time Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called to be limited, certain Acts of the last Session of the land, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said

Bill for continuing Iriflx Act for granting Du-

ties,presented. Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Matter of the Rolls in Ireland, reported.

Committee on Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, respecting Poll-age, and Stamp Dudes.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, " certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and rackets within this Kingdom;" and also, " An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners " for managing the Stamp Duties;" and also, " An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be 2

Office, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and

" Assistant

177

4i Geo. III.

16° — 170

" Assistant Barristers of the several other Counties, on " the Resignation of their respective Offices; and to " amend an Act, passed in thcThirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for cncrcaling " the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the " Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of " the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of " Exchequer in this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

c Lord Viscount v Tellers for the Yeas,? >

t Mr. Henry

e Mr. Grey,

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Michael Angelo |

\ ‘Taylor: )

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Printed Stuffs Duties Bill, ddcrrtd.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Customs additional Duties Bui, deferred.

Committee on Duty on Ke-ihov.tl of Spirits into Scotland, delti red.

('onm;i: tee on Kr.rvjvul of

r :UT)!'td

J .:t India

uctorrid.

53-

29.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into. Great Britain from Ireland, be taken into further Consideration upon ThursdayMorning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will,upon Thursday Morning next, relbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Si gar, R ';fins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead expoifxd from the United Kingdom.

Resolved,.That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of Excite on Distilieries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-nredc Spirits from England to Scotland, " and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for valtering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of " Parliament, for the Regulation of Distilieries in Scotland" as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are pro-hibitid to be worn or ulecl in Britain, and ware-

hen! fed, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the Brit'jhColonies or Plantations in the IVefl indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vcl.

Martis, i 70 die Martii;

Anno 410 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Thorpe Ab.

of Estates, and Persons interested in, the Com- tram 1^!°-mons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe ur* '°n‘ Abbctts, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish divers Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made thereof unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, the said Commons and Waste Lands would be rendered of much greater Value, and be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrishons, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frere and Lord Viscount Br do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Heaihcote reported from the Committee, Po?ham r.ane

to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by several tltion, report-Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late ed- Majesty, and the 2d, 5th, and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ox down Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hue to Chandlersford, and from Hnrfey aforesaid to the

Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ring-wood,in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and IVinborne Min the County of Dorset, and from Ring-wood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woohlridge, and from a Street, called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Hollis being examined, said. That the Trustees have made great Progrels in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed; but, that the Roads cannot be effectually maintained and repaired, and the Money borrowed and now due on the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted thereby are extended and enlarged, and the Acts amended, and made more effectual: — Then,

Mr. William ElderfieUl, Thomas and James

Middleton, being severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made

Z z in

1^8 170 Martiu i8ot.

in the 32<J Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 2d, 5th, and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown , in Pophant Lane, to the City of and from the said

City, through Hurjley, to , and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through in the

v County of Southampton, to Bridge and Win-

borne Minster, in the County of and for amend-

ing and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to , and from a

Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through worth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stockbridge Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, twRoad, p£ to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose ticion, re. Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed in and by ported. virtue of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair-' ing and widening the Roads from the Town of

bridge,in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and ' from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. isaac Galpine being examined, said. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed; but, that the said Roads cannot be effectually maintained and repaired, and the Money borrowed and now due on the Credit thereof repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the said Acts amended, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of And that Sir

William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whitehaven A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the tioa. other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Acts have been palfed for preserving, enlarging, and improving, the

S

said Harbour, and Trustees Were appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution, and they were authorized to collect tcertain Rates and Duties for that Purpose laid upon Coals and Merchandize imported and exported at, and Shipping using, the said Harbour;, and that the Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them, and from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, but the said Harbour being improved, they were enabled to pay off a great Part of the Debt they had contracted as aforesaid, and a large Sum of Money still remained in their Hands; and that, in the Year 1798, a voluntary Contribution being set on foot for the Aid and Assistance of Government, towards carrying on the War against the Enemies of Great Britain, the Trustees thought themselves authorized to pay out of the Money then in their Hands the Sum of £. 2,000to such Subscription; but Doubts have since been suggested, whether they had Authority so to apply that Money, the Petitioners, however, hope, that this House will think the Trustees, who directed such Application of the Money for so good and laudable a Purpose, should be indemnified for having so done; and that some Doubts have aril'cn on the Validity of the Elections of the Trustees between the Year 1710 and the Year 1796, and it is expedient such Doubts should be removed, and the Mode of appointing Trustees in future clearly ascertained; and that the said Acts also require Amendments, and Alterations, and Additions: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir liam Lowther, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend Edmund Cartivright, was Cartwright', presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That His present Majesty was graciously pleal'ed to grant unto the Petitioner His Royal Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, severally bearing Date the 27th Day of April 1790, the nth Day of December 1790, and the 15th Day of May 1792, and other Letters Patent under the Seal of Scotland, bearing Date the 23d Day of December 1790, for various mechanical Inventions, amongst which was the Invention of certain Machinery for combing and preparing Wool, together with Improvements upon, and Additions to, the fame; and that, from the Inventions for which the said Letters Patent have been obtained, the Public has already derived very great and important Advantages, but that hitherto these Inventions have been attended with no Emolument to the Petitioner, who, in prosecuting and bringing them to Perfection, has consumed the best Years of his Life, has exhausted the whole of his private Fortunes, and has incurred Debts to a very large Amount: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in, and securing to him, the sole Property of such his said Inventions, as were intended for the combing and preparing of Wool, for such a Term of Years, beyond the Duration of the said Letters Patent, as to the House shall fecni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Hawkins Browne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Leave given for Notices relative to Petition for Provision in New Wind for Road Bill*

Petition of Butchers of Northampton*

Bridgewater Roads Bill, committed.

Charlton Adam, &c. Inclosure Petition.

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} Dickinsonand Mr. Gore do prepare, and bring in, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and the fame.

Records; and all who come to the Committee are to

have Voices. Mr. A ft ley presented to the House, according to Downham

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. cer- jJ*'^^ The House was moved, That the Report which, upon tain Open Field and other Lands, within the several Pa* presented. Thursday last, was made from the Committee, to whom riflies of Downham H'imbotsham, and in

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of read the First Time.

j Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, was referred, Refo That the Bill be read a Second Time,

might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly; A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bodenham,

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and other mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Owners of Estates, in the several Parishes of Bodenham Notices may be given at the Easter Quarter Sessions to and Stoke Prior, and in the Hamlet of Newton, in the be holden for the County of Buckingham, and Three Parish of Croft, in the County of Hereford, was presented Times in the Newspaper called The Beading Mercury, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the present Month of March and in the Month of within the said Parishes and Hamlets, several Open and April next, or either of them, of the Application to Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands,

Parliament for Provision being made for amending, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 4,000 Acres, or widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading the reabouts; and that the several Properties of the from a Place called Southley, in the Parish of Datchet, Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Mea-to the West End of the Village of Datchet, in the dows lie very much intermixed and dilperfed in small County of Buckingham. Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very in-

convenient; but, if the fame, together with the said A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are other Commonable Lands, were divided and allotted thereunder written, being Butchers, and others, con- unto and amongst the several Persons interested, accord-cerned in the Flaying of Hides and Skins, in the Town ing to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered; and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last of much greater Value, and might be much improved:

Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and con- seem meet.

taining similar Allegations with the Petition which was Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-presented to the House, upon Wednesday last, from the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Butchers redding in the Town and Neighbourhood of Harcourt and Mr. IVilltam Adams do prepare, and bring Kingston upon Hull:And praying. That the said Act in, the fame, may be repealed, or that the Petitioners, may have such

Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem ex- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Littlebury pedient. the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, t"^ureBl >

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

Table. within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex,

was read the Third Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Notice of setting out Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in Roads.

the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridge- which, being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third water, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of leading to the said Town, was read a Second Time. Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickin- Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to foil, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering Tenants in Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Common to make Exchanges.

Chamber. And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be A Petition of John Jerritt, Esquire, John Hallett, Hugh made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Penny, the Reverend Edmund (Tapper, the Reverend An- Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to thony Pyne, and others, was presented to the House, and the Bill, by Way of Ryder, respecting the accepting of read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parishes Allotments.

of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackrell, in the County of And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Somerset,certain Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, containing together, by Estimation, 500 Acres, or there- to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. abouts, and that there are divers Parcels of Land lying in Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to each of the said Open or Commonable Fields, belonging the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering Guardians to, and Parts of, both of the said Parishes; and it will be to accept Allotments.

of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested. And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the if the same were properly divided, exchanged, and in- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be closed: And therefore pray ing. That Leave may be given made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the said Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, as to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Non-Ac-the House shall seem meet. ceptance of Guardians, &c. shall not prejudice the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Claims of Infants or others, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Vol. 56. ' Question

i8o 17° Martii. A. 1801.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was propose'd to be , made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 26. 1.11. To Leave out from " thereof" to " and, " in Line 29.

And the Laid Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little bury, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kent c*na! Sir 7°^nFrederick reported from the Committee, to Bjji" reported, whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River , at or near a Place called

Wilkinsons Gun Wharf\in the Parish of , at

Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Parish and Town of Epsom, in the said County, and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons, who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

tteemeft Ker A Bill for building a Pier at in the IHe of

Ml,*commit- ^heppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering, certain Duties; for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passagesand Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster,in the said lfle of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue Town and Mile Town; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Rujfell, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamoer.

House called The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, <lver* being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over; and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, were taken down.

D'-f?,liters And the Names of the Defaulters being called over,

tued. several of them appeared; and several of them were ex-

cufed, on Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness or Death of their near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or as being employed Abroad, or at Home, on the Public Service, or as having before had Leave of Absence; and those who were not excuftd

were, on the Question severally put, Ordered to attend at the Times appointed for them, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the Earl Temple; the Right honourable Members or. Thomas Grenville-, Thomas Cholmondeley, Esquire; Thomas ^tendjt0 Grosvenor, Esquire; the Honourable John John

Nefbit, Esquire; William Joseph Esquire; the

Honourable James Stuart Wort ley, Joseph Esquire; Jeremiah Crutckley, Esquire; George Chambers,

Esquire; William Morton Pitt, Esquire; Francis Fane,

Esquire; the Honourable Henry Fane-, the Honourable Edward Lascelles;the Marquis of Nathaniel

Dimfdale, Esquire; Sir Richard King, Baronet; the Right honourable Lord Edward Charles Bentinck;

William Mainwaring, Esquire; the Right honourable Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset; Sir Henry W Dafhwood, Baronet; Charles Moore, Esquire; Sir Robert Ainflie-, Lord Viscount Palmerston; the Honourable Thomas Erjkine-, Andrew Strahan, Esquire; Sir John Sinclair, Baronet; the Honourable Edward;

RichardBrinjley Sheridan, Esquire; the Right honourable Lord Robert Seymour-, the Lord Hervthe Honourable Thomas Onflow-, Sir John Macpherson, Baronet; Sir Cecil BisJhopp, Baronet; Sir George Augujhts William Shuck-burgh Evelyn, Baronet; the Honourable Henry

Bowerie; George F/udyer, Esquire; Thomas Everett, Ei- '

qufre; William Evelyn, Esquire; Thomas Johnes, Esquire; the Honourable John Vaughan; the Honourable Edward Paget-, Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, Baronet; Sir Carnegie, Baronet; Robert Honyman, Esquire; and the Right honourable William Dundas-, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 31st Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the Right honourable John Staples-,

William Burton, Esquire; Francis Esquire;

the Honourable Francis Nathaniel Burton -, Hugh Dillon Mafjey, Esquire; John Ormsby Vandeleure, Esquire; Lord Viscount Stidley, MervynArchdall, Esquire; Lord Viscount Cole-, James Crojbie, Esquire; Arthur Moore, Ef-

quire; John Latouche, Esquire; the Honourable James Butler; Henry Deane Grady, Esquire; the Right honourable John Fofter-, William Charks Fori fate, Esquire;

Lord Viscount Mathew, James Stewa>t, Esquire; Lord

Viscount Corry; William Smith, Esquire; PonJ'onby Tottenham, Esquire; and William Hoare Hume, Esquire; do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Month, the 14th Day of April next.

Lord Viscount Castlereagh presented to the House, ac- irlihDiftiiiery cording to Order, a Bill to prohibit further the making ^j11* Present' of Malt, and the diddling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Act of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting an additional Duty on refined Sugars on refined " imported into this Kingdom," might be read. Sugare) tebe

And the same being read accordingly; con 1 ere "

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts, made in the last Session of Ireland, the Parliament of Ireland,intituled, "An Act for grant- ("Portage and " ing to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, certain u‘

" Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Convey ance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdona;" and also, " An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein " mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for " managing the Stamp Dutiesand also, " An Act:

" for

41 Geo. III.

*7

Martii.

i8r

Bill for continuing Irish Acts for granting Du-, tics, committed.

Bill to continue Irish Act, for detaining Suf-pefted Persons, committed.

Bill to continue Irish Acts for Suppression Suppression of Rebellion, deferred.

" for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the " Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties;" and also, " An Act to amend and explain an Art, parted in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Art for granting to His Majesty, " His Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein " mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," the Resolution which the Committee had direrted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties of Portage add Stamp Duties, granted by the said Arts, which were to continue until the 25th Day of March 1801, shall be further continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Arts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Art, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intitu'ed, " An Act to empower the Lord " Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of " Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as " he or they shall suspert, for conspiring against His Majesty's Person anil Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited. Two Arts, parted in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties cf His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Expiring Laws Bill, deferred.

Bill respecting the Office of Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed} for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 56,

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations reflecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Art, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences inobstrurting, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, wa§ committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to ^en cj>ri1

Order, a Bill for enabling Charlotta Bethel/, Widow, to 'pre ent* make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Panlh of Leven, near the Boundary between Ejke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York,to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ‘

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and |CUj'oag*, regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public conmiftted.* Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and forlicenfingand regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lafcelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cl emeriti'* for naturalizing MuzioClement's, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.; And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Collopiy'* for naturalizing Mark Anthony De , was read a Emitted

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Lnfhington,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BouJnois'* for naturalizing William Boulnois, was read a Second commiiud Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

liam Anderson, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gram's Nat, for naturalizing Andrew Gram, was read the First Time. rcact'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Weltje^Nat. for naturalizing Amelia Wellje,was read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engstrum,was read the First ' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

3 A The

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Duty on Ke- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to rittSto consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th

land,deferred. Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of Excile on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of " made Spirits from England to and for granting

" other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, " amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament " for the Regulation of Dillilleries in Scotland," as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Kemovai of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Eait'India consider of permitting certain Goods, which are pro-

Goods, defer- hibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and ware-red- housed, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

General De Lancey and Sir M do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Major, otherwise

Tolleshunt Beckingham,in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General De Lancey, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, pafi'ed in the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chefer,to the Turnpike Road at in the County of Derby, and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Grosvenor,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mercurii, 18° Martii;

Anno 414 Georgii III'1' Regis, 1801.

Pit AV Efts.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, bcingTrustees for executing an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway,from the Town of Maidfone, through the several Parishes of Maidfone, Boxley, and

Aylesford, in the County of Kent, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Act, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Navigation and Works, and have therein expended the Whole of the Sum of f.8,000, by the said Act authorized to be raised, in Manner therein mentioned, but which Sum has proved very inadequate for carrying into Efteft the Purposes of the said Act; and that it is expedient, inordertofinish and maintain the said Navigation, and otherwise carry the said Act into Execution, a further additional Sum should be raised on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, and Power given to increase the fame; and that it is necessary the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should, in other Respects, be altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efiefting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General De Lancey, Sir Matthew Bloxam, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Srouqueni A Petition of John Bertrand de Boubee de Brouquens, Njf. Petition. w'a5 pr^ibnted to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

3

Maiilftone

Navigation

Petition.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the 2d and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of BaUingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and Persons interested in, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of m, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, divers Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made thereof, unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and interests, and such Allotments inclosed, the said Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, would be rendered ot much greater Value, and be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

ant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

homas Charles Banbury and Mr. do prepare, and

ing in, the fame. - .

0 A Petition

Tolleshunt Inclosure Bill, committed.

Macclesfield Roads Bill, committed*

Sudbury and Bury Saint Edmunds Road Bill, reported.

j

Cavenharu

Inclosure

Petition.

Boston Bridge, Petition.

Boston and

Skirbeck Small Debts Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough o Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Bridge over the River , in the said Borough, is much too narrow, and, at present, in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and is become inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers, Carriages, and Cattle, passing over the fame; and therefore it is necessary to take down and re-build the said Bridge, and all'o to widen, raise, and render more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, or Ways, leading or near thereto, and to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings for that Purpose; and that the Situation of the present Bridge is very inconvenient and incommodious, and it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Borough, if the intended Bridge was made and erected in a more proper and convenient Situation, very near the present Bridge, and, in such Calc, it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings; and that the Gaol and House of Correction of the said Borough is, at present, in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and by reason of the confined Situation thereof, and for Want of a free Circulation of Air, the same is become very unhealthy, and dangerous to the Lives of the Persons confined therein; and it is highly necessary that the said Gaol and House of Correction should be enlarged, and a proper and suitable Prison Yard added thereto, and for that Purpose it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings and that the Market Cross of the said Borough, and several of the Rooms over the fame, which are appropriated for the Transaction of public Business within the said Borough, are toofmall, and at present very inconvenient and incommodious, and it is become necessary that the said Market Cross and Rooms should be enlarged, and made more convenient to Persons resorting thereto, or having Occasion to use the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Viscount

Miiftntown, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the said County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speccly Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln; and that the said Act hath been found defective and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established, for the more easy and l'pecdy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Borough of Boston and beck Quarter, and'Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Re-ftriclions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 56.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Proprietors of Estates in Talli and West Deeping, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parishes of Tallington and Wft Deeping, in the County of Lincoln, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and that the said Parishes are entitled to Right of Common, in and over an extensive Tract of Open and Commonable Fen Land, lying in the Parts of Kefteven and Holland, in the said County, called and known by the Name of,

Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Cowbit, and Pinchbeck Commons,

which is intended to be divided into Parochial or General Allotments, by an Act to be obtained in the present Session; and that the said Fields, Meadows, Commonable, and Waste Lands, lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Quantities, and cannot be managed and cultivated to Advantage, in their present State; and it would be beneficial to the Owners of such Lands and Grounds, if the fame, and also the said Parochial or General Allotments of the said Fen, intended to be set out and awarded to the said Parishes of Tallington and West Deeping, were divided, inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the said Parishes of Tallington and West Deeping, and also such Part of the said Fens as shall be set out and allotted to the said Parishes respectively, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Lord Viscount Miiftntown, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Estates in Little Bytha Aunby, and in

the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes of Little Bytham and Aunby, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which lie very much intermixed and dispersed, in small Quantities, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that there are, within the said Parish of Careby, several small Quantities of Waste Lands, and several ancient Inclosures, subject to Tythes; and it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested, if all the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, were divided, inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the Persons interested, and the fame, and also the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Parishes respectively, were discharged from Tythes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, and other Commonable and

Waste

Tallington and West Deeping In i eloiure Petition,

Little B/-tliain, &c. Inclosure Petition.

Bonington Roads Petition* reported.

North K^me Drainage Petition* reported.

184 18°

Waste Lands, in LittleBytham, and Careby, aforesaid, and to discharge the fame, and also the ancient ir,doled Lands in the said several Parishes, from Tythe, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fyde/i and Lord Viscount do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fydell reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Trustees, for executing Two several Acts, palfed in the 31st Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in

the Parish of IVigtoft, and to Langret , in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, The said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. John Palmer Hollway being examined, said. That

the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads; which Money, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts: That the Money so borrowed, cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, which is near expiring, be continued, and several Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and some further Tolls granted.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Do-niiigtou High Bridge to Hale , and to the Eighth

Able Stone in the Parish of W, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Fydell and Lord Viscount Milfmtown do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Fydell reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying within the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to xeport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Tow nib ip of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln, was read: — And,

Air. John Palmer Hallway being examined, said, That 4

Martii. A. 1801.

by the said Act, certain Trustees were directed to be appointed from Time to Time, to carry the same into Execution, and, for that Purpose, they were impowered to rate and tax all the said Lands and Grounds, with such Sum of Money not exceeding One Shilling per Acre in any Year, as they should find requisite; and if the Money so raised Ihoulcl be found insufficient, then with such further Sum, not exceeding Six Pence per Acre, as they should be authorized to impose, by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose: That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and the Rates or Taxes aforesaid have been raised, and applied in making and maintaining Works of Drainage upon the said Lands and Grounds; but, the said Rates or Taxes are found very inefficient to defray the Expence of properly draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and for which Purpose it is also necessary that additional Works of Drainage should be made. — And the Witness further said. That it is requifitethe said Act should be amended, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and that further Rates or Taxes should be authorized to be laid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North " Kyme, in the County of LincolnAnd that Mr: ,

Lord V ilcount Mifintown, and Sir Martin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Vanjittartreported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of certain Turnpike Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to , in

the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the 9th and 28th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair, such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to,

in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of Bear Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, was read: — And,

Mr. Samuel Selwood being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising on the Fyfield District of Roads, comprized in the said Act of the 28th Year of his late Majesty, which Money cannot be paid off, and the Roads comprized in the said Dittrict be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said recited Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, so for as they relate to the said Fyfield

District

CnlFinm Bridge Roads Petition, reported.

‘Sont'h Ferriby lVtcIoAirt BiH, presentecl.

Sotby Inclosure Bill, committed.

BeTchford incloiiire Bill, committed.

tffhops Waltham and Westmeon Road Bill, palfed*

t

41 Geo. III.

District: of Roads, and the Tolls on the said District: increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 2 ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair, such Part of the Roads dclcribed in the said jAdt of the 28th Year.at his late Majally's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to in the

Chunty of Oxford, to the End of Bridge next to

Abingdon, in the County of Be and from the Mayor's

Stone at the End oi Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon,in the said County of from

thence to the YY eft End of the Town of in the same County: And that Mr. George Vc.nfittart and Mr. Charles' Dundqs do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr .'Harrifonpresented to the House,' according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Snut/i Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the Full Time.

; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

; A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fieids, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Panlh of Sot by, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harrison, Mr. Vyner,&c.: And they are to meet this Afte'r-

.noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-.ber.

1 ..

A Bill for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other ‘Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belch-ford, in the County of L, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

rifon,- Mr. Vyner, See: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's '.Chamber.

r

An ingrossed Bill for rrjaking and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Hot ley Turnpike lload on Cur dr idge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike.Road, at or near Filmerhill, in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Cor/iampton Dozvny to the Village of Corhamp-ton, all in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. zc. 1. 7i. After "Property," to insert "and in the Pofllffion"

1. 32. To leave out from " Fox," to " which," ink 34.

And the said Amendments were,- upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

bevAn Act for ma.king and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Bot/ey Turnpike Road on Curd-, ridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltjiam, to join the Gosport Turnpike, Road, at or near in the

Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village, of , all in

the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr, George Henry Rose do carry the Bill *to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.- -

Vol. 56., / . ;'

i85

A Petition of the Butchers of the Borough of and of Brixham and Paington near Torbay, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Butchers, Tanners, and Skinners, of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County Palatine of Lancaster-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Ul'e of Horle Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to -the House relating the reto: And praying. That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House may seem just and right.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of WandJ'worth, to the Town of Croydon, with a

Collateral Branch into the Parish of and a

Navigable Communication between the River Thames and tiic said Railway at WandJ'wall in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord. William RuJJel, Sir John Frederick, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Edwards, on Behalf of himself, and of Thomas Michel/and John TrevenSmelters and Refiners

of Copper Ores, at Hayle J\n the County of Cornwall, under the Name of The Cornish Copper Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the River and Harbour of Hayle, in the County of Cornwall, is much frequented by Ships and Vessels employed in the Conveyance of Copper Ore and other Merchandize to different Parts , of the Kingdom, and the Petitioners have, at their Expence, for several Years, expended corr-siderable Sums of Money in clearing and deepening the said River and Harbour, and have so far succeeded as to render the same more same and convenient for such Ships and Vessels, by erecting Flood Gates, and by making a Mound, Bank, or Jettce, near the Mouth of the River; but that further and other Works are necessary to complete the same, and it is proposed to increase and lengthen the said Jettee, to, or near, Low Water Mark, a Distance of about 5,000 Feet, which would not only concur in clearing out the Sand and deepening the Entrance, but afford a much greater Space for the Reception and safe lying of Ships, until they shall have Water, to the Places of taking in or delivering their Cargoes; and that, in order to make the said Harbour more l'afe and commodious for Ships and Vessels using the fame, it is expedient that Powers should be granted to complete the Works, and to reimburse to the Petitioners the Expences that shall be incurred in the doing thereof, for which Purpose it will be necessary to collect: a small Sum by Way of Tonnage, on such Ships and Vessels as shall hereafter enter the said River: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Sir William Lemon,

3 B &c.i

18° Martii.

Petitions of

Butchers of Tornei's and M-mcbeitcr.

Wandsworth Railway, &c. Bill, committed.

Hayle Harbour Petition.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morriing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. i

Rodewardme, A Petition of the Most noble Granville Leveson

andindoiure Marquis of the County of , and the Right

Petition. honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and the humble Petition of Thomas Eyton, and El'quires,

the Reverend Joshua Gilpin, and John Rocke, Clerks, William C.hejlnre Glover, and Richard Emery, Gentlemen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are in the several Parishes of,

Kymierjley, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the Townships of and Steap, in

the Parish of High ErcaH, otherwise Magna, in the same County, several Common Moors, and other Commons and Waste Lands, which are (ubjeft to Inundation by the overflowing of various Brooks, Rivulets, and Watercourses, running through or near the lame, and sundry Parts thereof are unfound and boggy, and are, in their present State, incapable of any material Improvement; but, if such Brooks, Rivulets, and Watercourses, were rendered straighter, wider, and deeper, and proper Falls obtained, and sufficient Embankments and Drains made, and the Waters of the said Brooks, Rivulets, and Watercourses, were put under due Regulation, as well for the Purpose of such Drainage, as for the Floating of the adjacent Lands, and the said Common Moors, and other Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights, not only the said Moors, and other Commons and Waste Lands, but a considerable Extent of Land already inclosed, might, and would be, greatiy improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir Edward Littleton,&c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and lave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Monmouth- Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whoth shire CjiuI the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Mort-PetltK/o. re- mouthshireCanal Navigation, under their Common Seal,

ported. was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the $2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation; and also an Act, passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the said Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending the said former Act, were read . — And

Mr. John Bowjher being examined, said, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and made great Progress in the Works thereby authorized to be done: That the Sum of £225,330.

which the Petitioners were authorized to raise among ft: themselves, has been found insufficient to complete the Whole of the said Navigation and Undertaking; and it will be necessary that they should be authorized to rails a further Sum for that Purpose. — And the Witness further said, That the Petitioners also find it expedient, that some Amendments and Alterations should be made in certain of the Provisions contained in the said Acts, and that feme further Powers should be granted, more effectually to enable the Petitioners finally to complete the said Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Jroire Canal Navigation to raile a further Sum of Money to complete the same; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation: And that Mr. Morgan and Sir Charles Morgan do prepare, and bring, in, the fame-

Mr. Jefferys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same C;ty, assessed to the Poors Rates, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor of, and within, the said Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the llqjort in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Carter, Junior, being examined, said, That the Petitioners are very much burthened by the Poors Rates in the said Parishes, which of late Years have increased beyond all Example, and yet have not afforded that effectual and necessary Relief to the Poor, which, from the large Sums of Money raised for their Support, might reasonafcly have been expected: That the said Poor have of late Years very much increased, and consist principally of Manufacturers:That if the Poor of the said Parishes were placed under the Management of one Body of Directors, and proper and convenient Houses provided for their Reception and Employment, and proper Powers granted for their Support, Government, and Employment, the said Poor would be better maintained and provided for, and the Rates for their Relief rendered much Ids burthensome.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poof, in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City: And that Mr. Jefferys and Sir George William

Shuckburgk Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balsham, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, was com-fnitted: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w^ere Once read throughout;

and

CoNrentryPoer Petition* reported.

Balfham Inclosure Bill, presented*

Carmarthem Roads Bill, reported.

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Stretford and A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering anden-Jtoadi Bill iarg'ng the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year committed, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21 It Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of , and from Alcester,through Great and Crabs Cross, in

the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott,to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called ‘The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Button, Sir George AttgujWilliam Evelyn,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Master Pilots and Seamen of the WouPeti- Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of *lon* Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been for a long Series of Years a Corporation, and by long Usage, and by virtue of clivers Letters Patent granted to them by ti'.e Crown, have possessed, exercised, and enjoyed, various Powers, Privileges, and Franchises, and particularly the Power of appointing and' licensing Pilots for tondudfing Ships or Vessels up and down the River of Tyne, and in and out of the Port of Newcastle, and in and out of the Creeks and Members belonging thereto, and of erecting, placing, and maintaining. Lights, Buoys, and Beacons, in the said Port and River, and have, during all such Time, had, received, and taken, divers Rates, Dues, and Duties, for, and in respect of, the Charges and Expences attending the Use, Exercise, and Performance, of such Powers, Franchises, and Privileges, whereby the Trade and Navigation of the said Port and River, and of the Creeks and Members thereof, have been much promoted and increased; and that the Powers which the Petitioners poflfefs in regulating and controlling the aforesaid Pilots, are not sufficient for their effectual Government; and that the Rates, Dues, and Duties, received and taken by the Petitioners, have become inadequate to the increased Expence attending the Use and Exercise of the said Powers, Franchises, and Privileges, by means whereof the Petitioners are re-llrained in the full Ule and Exercise of such their Powers, Franchises, and Privileges, to the Prejudice of ‘ the increasing Trade of the said Port and River, and of the Creeks and Members thereof; and that a Doubt has arisen whether the Creek or Haven of Holy ljland, lying off the Coast of is a Creek or

Member belonging to the said Port of Newcastle, though the Petitioners, at the Request of the Owners of Ships and Vessels using the Coasting Trade on the East Side of Great Britain, have lately, at a great Expence, erected Beacons there, which have already greatly conduced to the Security of such Ships and Veileis; and it will be further beneficial if such Creek or Haven was declared to be a Creek or Member belonging to the said Port of tafle, in so far as to enable the Petitioners to support and i . maintain Buoys and Beacons there, and to appoint and

licence Pilots, for the piloting and conducting Ships and; Vessels into, and out of, the said Creek or Haven of Holy

ljland} and that it will further conduce to the Security and Convenience of Ships and other Vessels, resorting to the Port of Newcastle, it the Conservators of the River -

I of Tyne were enabled to appoint a Harbour Master, or

Harbour Masters, for the said Port and River, with tfc$ Vot. 56.

necessary Powers incident to the Office of Harbour Master: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend and enlarge the Powers, and increase the Rates and Duties of the Petitioners, and for the better regulating the Port of Newcastle.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Sir

RalphMilbanke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Litrt? unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and peutiwv*U otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; getting forth, That the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof, to the several Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puT-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

OJborn and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Wn?«tKne- 1 and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waites, and other Commonible Lands and Grounds, within the mitted.' Parish of Wrestlingworth, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. OJborn,

Mr. Bramfott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ctock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are AmpHorth^ -thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of, p1^^8 and Persons interested in, Mdiuages, Lands,* Grounds, and Tythes, within the Township, or Townships and Territories, of Ampleforth, in the Parishes of Amplefortk and Of'joaldclmrch, otherwise Oswaldkirk, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves, and other Persons interested in Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, in the said Tow nil tip, or Townships and Territories, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, or Townships and Territories, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, lying open and uninclosed, containing 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, in or upon which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common, or other Rights; and the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement in their present State, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved; and it would also be of Advantage to the several Parties, and tend to the Improvement of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town-ship, or Townships and Territories, if a proper Compensation were to be made in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes arising from all the Lands and Grounds within the same Township, or Townships and Territories: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Wayl and Means, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

luant

-i88

18°' Martii.

A* 18 or.

Potter

Heigham inclosure and Drainage Petition, reported.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ofhorn, Mr. Henry Lascelles, and Mr. Hilbe force, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Afllev reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are there? runto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers -Messuages, Lands,.and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant. Rights of Common over -and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said.Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inciplure.and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them', to the Ho Me; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric's Table; Where the same was Tead; and is as followeth; viz.

: To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Blake being examined, said, That there are, within ;the said Parish, divers Open and Common Fields,.Half -Year or Shack Lands, and certain Marshes, Fens, and Waste Grounds: That the said Open and Common Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in imall Parcels, and are inconveniently Situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and are subject to certain Rights of Shcepwalk, Shack-age, and Common, or other Rights and Irueveih; and the said Open and Common Fields, ‘Half Y car or Shack -Lands, Commons, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Grounds, in their present State yield but little Protit. — And the Witness further said, That it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Rights ot Shcepwalk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights and Interests, were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Intcrclls, and if fuel) Commons, Half Year or Shack Lands, Marshes, :Fehs, and Waste Grounds were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, inclolir.g, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in 'the. County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Ajilcy and Sir 'Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the lame. *

Notice being taken that Lord Viscount Cole and Lord Viscount Sudley were now present in their Places in the House;

The Orders made Yesterday, for the said Members to: attend the Service of this House upon the 14th Day of April next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

.Notice being also taken that Thomas Johnes, Esquire, ^the Earl Temple* Nathaniel Dimflale, Esquire, Sir David Carnegie, Baronet, and Charles Moore, Esquire, were now present in their Places in the House;

.. The Orders made Yesterday, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon the 31st Day of this Instant March, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

The House being informed that Robert Honyman, . Esquire, was Abroad on Public Sendees;

- The Order made Yesterday, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House upon the 31st Day of this Instant March, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

xvion as to 4 A Motion wras made, and the Question being put, the N°°f That Mr. Speaker do not take the Chair until, at the hcTr-ftn/in Sixty Members are present in the House; .

1 ~ if .» . 1v

tiic Houi?.

Jt #

Orders for Attendance of certain Members, discharged.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

I A] r. Junes:

Tellers for the Noes, tv

{nr if til 1 am Young:

So it passed in the Negative.

t9.

The Lords ‘ have agreed t«'

Bill to amend Ad foi making Mixed Bread.

Aberdeenshire Canal Bill.

King's Brompton,^. Liclolure Bill.

Tickenhqm . Incl Jiurc Bill*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spy anger;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to c< permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of u Bread;" without any Amendment: And also,

The l..,)rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the A ber dee if hire Canal Navigation to complete the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Willie Lands, in the Parishes of King's Brompton, Upton, and Ski!gate, in the County of Sow erfet; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,-allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County oiSomeifct; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th' Bill foren-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and1 routoes,orRegulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wades, dereJ*

" and Commons of Failure,.in this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of the said A<d, and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands: And that Mr. Charles and Sir

William Pultemy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read. Daymeaj!''*

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, gill so relieve for reluming the further Proceeding upon the Report certainl'eribns from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of red. the Poor Rates, and for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cales, for a Time to be limited, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Order be postponed till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ J'Jr‘

{Mr. Long:

Tellers for the Noes, j ^ones

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

100. \ 44*

" The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tq consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the tloufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further o{ the Supply granted to His Majesty ;* " RefoPveJ*

Supply, defer-

-J

Irish Distillery Bill, committed.

Committee on Act of the Parliament of Ireland.(Duty on refined Sugars.)

Commirtee on Bill for continuing Irish Acts lor granting Duties.

Instruction;

41 Geo. III.

18d Ma

89

Resolved, That this iftfufe will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to prohibit further the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting an additional Duty on " refined Sugars imported into this Kingdom."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty;

The House was moved. That the Resolution which was Yellcrdav reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wf-m it was referred to consider of several Acts, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and " Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters " and Packets within this Kingdom and all'o, " An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirseand Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied " by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Dutiesand also, " An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein " mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for " managing the Stamp Dutiesand all'o, " An Act to " amend and explain an Act passed in the Fortieth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, " several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the " Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That the several Duties of Pollage and " Stamp Duties, granted by the said Acts, which were " to continue until the 25th Day of March 1801, shall " be further continued."

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudlion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of , the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Vol. 56.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, fora Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief " Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for " conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the 39 th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppreflxon of the Rebellion which Hill exists within that Kir.gdom, and for the Pro* tedlion of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudlion to the said Committee, That they have Power to amend the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole Hou.e, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations reflecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope j and for making perpetual, an Act made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences inobftrudting,destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obflrudting Seamen and others from purluing their lawful Occupations, was committed }

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

3 C The

Committee fa! Bill to continue Irish for detuning Sul petted Per-tons.

CoTTUftittee on B 11 to co.itj-nuc Irish Acts for Suppietnon ot Rebellion.

Inilru&Jon.

Bill further considered.

Bill respecting the Office of Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, deferred.

Expiring Laws Bill, dCt ferred.

i8° — 190 Martii. 1801.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House movaUt^pi- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rits into Scot- House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in laud,deterred. t]ie ^gth and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of Briltyh-ma.de Spirits from England to " Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; " and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain " Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries " in Scotland," as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland;

Rcfclved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to RSSd°* ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tad India consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohi-Goods,defer- bited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and ware* red' housed, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to relieve The postponed Order of the Day being read, for re-

certam Per- fuming the further Proceeding upon the Report from Poor Rates, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill put ort for Six for relieving certain Persons from the Payment of the lonths. poor flatc5> ancj for extending Parochial Relief, in certain Cafes, fora Time to be limited, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will now proceed to take the said Report into further Consideration;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "now" and inferring the YVords " upon this Day Six Months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

s

s

38.

Tellers for the Yeas ! rc^ William ( g

I ewers ior the i eas, Mr

rr, „ r 1 xT (Mr. Solicitor General,

Tellers for the Noes,'Mr> Rojc

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the " upon this Day Six Months," be inserted thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, proceed to take the fairl Report into further Consideration.

Words

instead

Forty Members not being prafent, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovtSj 190 die Martii;

Anno 41 0 Georgii IIP11 Regis, i8oz.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietor of the Dmyton ri»-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, i'e*

and Commonable and Waste Land, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to t!:c Floule, and read; Setting forth, That there are lying and being in Drayton aforesaid, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable and Waste Land, containing together, by Estimation, 250 Acres, or thereabouts; and the Petitioners and others.

Land Owners, in respect of their several Lands and Grounds, are entitled to, and do enjoy. Common of Pai-turc for their Cattle, in, over, and upon, the said Open , and Common Fields, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons whatsoever; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and difperled in, over, and upon, the said Open and Common Fields, and arc most of them inconveniently lit unfed, by realon whereof sufficient Quantity of Manure and Compost cannot without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespasses and Disputes be prevented; and so long as the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable and Waste Land, lie open and utrincloled, the same produce but little Profit, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and the Petitioners are delirous that the Tame may be divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted to and amongst the Proprietors, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their 1cvend and respective Lands,

Grounds, Tythes, Common Right, and Interest, in the said Premifts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable and YYffifte Land, and for exchanging and allotting certain other Lands within the said Parish; and for such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House fhailleem meet.- .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Joint Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Order for At- Notice being taken that the Honourable William Member'dit^ Henry Bouvriewas now present in his Place in the

charged. House;

The Order, made Yesterday, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House upon the 31st Day of this Instant March, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Order read for The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, after the nue ir'fhnti" should have proceeded upon the other Orders of

Aih for the Day, to consider further of the Bill for continuing, granting Du- for a Time to be limited, certain Acts of the last Session tJes* of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty, was read.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Heyford, Lands, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower ^[(J°lurei>e* Heyford, otherwise Hey ford at Bridge, and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, in the County of Oxford, whole Names are thereunto iub-feribed, was prclented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Liberties and Prccinds, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend to the Advantage of the several Persons interested to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosoig, the said Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Wade, and other Commonable " 'Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leerh meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rugby Road Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to whom r-onre- the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free* p0! £ holders of the Counties of Warwick and was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

1 To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Caldecott being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, through the Parishes of Rugby and Clifton on Dunjrrtore,in the County of and through the

Parishes of Calthorpe, Stanford on Avon, South

Kllworth, and North Kiiiin the County of

to the Turnpike Road leading from vorth to

Market Harborough, in the said County,is in bad Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby,in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterzoorth to Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester: And that Mr. Legh Keck and Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hickling Al- Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the DndnagePe- of the several Persons, whole Names are there-

tition,report- unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant, Rights of Common over and upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Blake being examined, said. That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and a certain Tract of Mar(h or Fen Land, called Motley, and also certain other Marsh and Fen Lands; and that the said Open Fields and Mar(h Land are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof: That the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Marsh Lands and Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit. — And the Witness further said. That it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the Rights of Common, and other Rights at present existing over the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were extinguished, and if the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Marsh I Land, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof

I VOL. 56.

allotted to them, according to their respective Estates,

Rights, and Interests; and if the same were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marili Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. AJlley and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom Burgh and the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of and Drainage divers Messuages,-Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Peti,i"n» *-several Pari flits of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of 1>0rt*< Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant. Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within t'he said Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Blake being examined, laid. That the Open Fields Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State and Condition, for want of a sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested therein; and that it would be advantageous if the said Fields, Commons,

Fens, and Waste Grounds were divided, and specifig Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; and if the said Marili Lands, and such Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, as are liable to be overflowed with Water, were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the

Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. and Sir

Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Whixley in-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley, in the Parish of

Whixley,in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fererally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr.

liUleUfebum Inclosure Bill, reported.

Staveley Tn-closure Bill, reported.

Wild mo-e Fenlncloiiire, Sec, Petition.

19a

190 Martii. A. 1801.

Mr. Wilbe>force reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places, and Wades, within the Manor and Township of Little in the Wed

Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Failures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley,in the West Riding of the County of

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Alienations of the Bill, and found the Same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates act'efl'ed to the Land Tax at £.z. 1 s. fid. per Annum,who refused to sign the Bill;

and that the whole Property belonging to Persons inte-relled in the Inclosure is afiefled at £.50. 7s. fid. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Estates, having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests,on H'ildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there is a certain Trad of Fen Land, Moor, or Marsh Ground, in the County of Lincoln, called IVildmcre Fen,containing about 10,500

Acres; and that the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, adjoining to, and in the Neighbourhood of, the Said Fen, claim and exercise certain Rights, and Common of Pasture thereon; and it would be very beneficial to all Persons interested in the Said Fen, if the Same were divided into parochial and other Allotments, and proper Rules and . Regulations established for the Ule and Enjoyment thereof, or if Such parochial and other Allotments were Subdivided and allotted amongst the Several Parties interested, and Such Subdivisions and Allotments inclpfed;

- and that when the Said Fen is divided, inclosed, and

improved, as proposed, it may, in course of Time, be inhabited, in which Cafe, from the great Extent thereof, the Persons dwelling, or inhabiting towards the Centre, will be very far distant from any Church or Chapel, and it wiil therefore be expedient that some Part of the said Fen Should be constituteda Parish, and Provision made for erecting a Church there, and also for erecting Chapels, where requisite, for the Celebration of Divine Worship therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hopfe:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Mr. See.;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to Send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Nobleman* <tnd the humble Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates in L any toft and in

the County of Lincoln,was presented to the H cufe, and

read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands; and tire Said Parishes are entitled to Right of Common in, and over, an extensive Tracfb of Fen Land in the said County, called Deeping Common, oilier wile Market Deeping Common, Deeping Saint James Common, Langtoft Common, Common, Coivbit Common and

Common, and Pinchbeck South Fen, which is intended to be divided into parochial or general Allotments; and that the said Fields, Meadows, Commonable and Waste Lands, lie very much intermixed and dispersed in Small Quantities, and cannot be managed and cultivated toAd-vantage in their present State, and it would be beneficial to the Public, and to the Owners of such Lands and Grounds, if the fame, and also the said parochial Allotments of the said Fen, were divided and inclosed, and alloted in Severalty to the Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the said Parishes of Langtoft and Baston, and also such Parts of the said Fen as shall be set out and allotted to the said Parishes respectively, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, Thac the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

General Adeanepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of and

tonParfon Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Peter Allix, of ,in

the County of Cambridge, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds wfithin the Parish of Prior, in the said County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said

Parish

Langtoft and Bau m Inclosure Petition.

Leverington Drainage Bify presented.

Swaffham Prior Incjo-fare Petition*,

Parish of Swaffham Prior, certain Open and Common Fields* Meadows, Pasture, Commonable Lands, Commons* and Waste Grounds* which, in their present State, are not capable of being cultivated to the greatest Advantage; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their several and respective Interests, and ' such Allotments inclosed, the same would be highly beneficial to the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whitehaven Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, Harbour ad- to vhom the Petition of the several Persons, w hole tion0"re-Petl* Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-port'ed. lelves, and the other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was referred ;That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said . Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 7th and 10th Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, in the 13th of King George the Second, and in the jft, 2d, 28th, and 32d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preserving, enlarg-

ing, and improving, the Harbour of Whitehaven, were read; whereby it appeared, that Trustees were appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution, with Power to collect certain Rates and Duties for that Purpose, upon Coals and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, the said Harbour, and upon Shipping using the same: — Then,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the Trust re-posed in them, and from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, but that the said Harbour being improved, they were enabled to pay off a great Part of the Debt they had contracted as aforesaid, and a large Sum of Money remained in their Hands: That in the Year 1798, a Voluntary Contribution being set on Foot for the Aid and A(h(lance of Government towards carrying on the War, the Trustees thought themselves authorized to pay out of the Money then in their Hands the Sum of £. zoooo to such Subscription, but that Doubts have since been suggested whether they had Authority so to apply that Money; and that therefore it becomes necessary that the Trustees, who directed such Application of the Money for so good and laudable a Purpose, should be indemnified for having so done. — And Your Committee was further informed by the said Member, That some Doubts have likewise arilen on the Validity of the Elections of the Trustees between the Year 1710 and 1796, and that it is expedient such Doubts should be removed, and the Mode of appointing Trustees in future clearly ascertained. — And the said Member added, That the said Acts require, Amendments, Alterations, and Additions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, which have been made and passed concerning the Harbour of , in the County of Cumberland, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir William and Mr. James

Lozvther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 56.

A Petition of the Butchers and Graziers of the Town Petitions of and Neighbourhood of Leicester, in the County of Lei- j* cester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And sumfoui. also,

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Butchers, red-dent in the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln;

Were severally presented to the House, and read »

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last:

Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins . in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which ' have been before presented to the House relat-

ing the reto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House may seem just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered lie upon the Table.

Mr. Baillie,reported from the Committee, to whom Greenlaw and the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in p^Ttion^re-' Execution the Acts for repairing the Turnpike Roads ported.' from Deanburn Bridge, through Gand Part of the Jedburgh Read, by Lauder, in the Snire of Berwick, to Gornhill,in the County of Durham, and of the several

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dean-burn Bridge through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to in

the County of Durham, and for building a Bridge over-the River Tweed, near Coldstream; also an Act, passed in the 21st Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of tire said Act, as relates to repairing and widening the said Roads, were read: —

And,

John Spottifwood, Esquire, being examined, said. That . a Bridge hath accordingly been built over the River Tweed, near Coldstream, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed for the building thereof, great Part of which still remains due: That great Pro-grels has been made in repairing the said Roads, and lundry Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, but the Reparation and Improvement of the said Roads cannot be carried on and completed, and the Money borrowed and owingon the Credit of the said Tolls paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased. — And the Witness further taid. That the Branches of Roads from Orangelane to Szvinton, and from Coldstream, by Mill, to Mount Pleasant, are in many Places so deep and ruinous that Travellers cannot conveniently pass; nor can they be made, and kept in Repair, by the Funds arising. from the Laws now in Force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, io far as relates

3D to

A. 1801.

SUefmere Canal Pcti* tion.

190 Ma.

to the Roads from Deanbam Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to S win toft, and from Goldstream, by Swinton Mill, to MountPleafant, in the said County of Benvick: And that Mr. Bailtie and Mr* Boyd Alexander do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the lefmere Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act. was passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River*Severn, at Sh in the County of

" Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near in

" the County of Chester, and also for making and main- taining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended " Canal j" and that another Act was passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from ton Common to Sherryman's Bridge, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts, to communicate therewith, by which certain Powers and Authorities in the said recited Act of the'33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, so far as the same related to a Junction between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellejmere Canal, and a certain Canal Navigation called the Chester Canal, were repealed; and it was enacted, that proper Surveys, Levels, and Estimates, should thereafter be made and taken of the Country lying between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellejmere Canal and the said Chester Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellejmere Canal rvere thereby required, within Two Years next after the Commencement of the said last mentioned Act, to apply for, and use their best Endeavours to obtain, an Act of Parliament to authorize and empower them to make, complete, and maintain, at their ownCofts and Charges, such Cut or Canal, as and for a Junction between the Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellejmere Canal and the said Chester Canal,' and in such Line, or Course, Manner, Extent, Width, and other Dimensions, as should be approved of as most fit and expedient, and most for the mutual Interest and Advantage of the Companies of Proprietors of the said Two Canals, or which might be xotherwise agreed upon between the said Companies; but that, owing to the Extent of the Works to be done by the said Ellejmere Canal Company, they have not hitherto been able to cany into Execution the Powers and Provisions last hereinbefore-mentioned, for making such Junction as aforesaid; and that Surveys, Levels, and Estimates, have lately been made and taken of the Country lying between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellejmere Canal and the said Chester Canal j and it appears, upon such Surveys, that the most proper and convenient Method of effecting the said Communication between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellejmere Canal and the said Chester Canal, will be by making an additional Cut or Canal from the Whitchurch Branch of

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize them to make such additional Cut or Canal from the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Canal, or from the said Place where the same is intended to pals, at or near the said Water Corn Mills, called The Nezo A.iills,in the said Parish of Whitchurch, in the said

County of Salop, and to communicate with the said Chester Canal, in the said Township of Stoke, in the said County of Chester;and to alter and amend the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston Powell, Mr.

Crewe &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber { and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rectors or Impropriators of Tythes, Aberdaron, and of the several Freeholders, within the Parishes of p^t^ofur> Aberdaron, Bryncroes, Llanvaelrhys, Llangwynadle, and Bodverin, in the County of Carnarvon, who have Right of Common upon Rhos hir waun, being a Commonable and Wade Ground, within the said several Pari (Tics of Aberdaron, Bryncroes, and Llanvaelrhys, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, for, and on Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders, interested in the said Common and Waste Land, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there is within the said several Parishes of Aberdaron, Bryncroes, and Llanvaelrhys, a very large and extensive Traci of Open Common or Waste Ground, called Rhos hir waun, containing 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present uncultivated State, is of little Value; but, if the same were divided unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their several and respective Rights and interests, and such Allotments inclosed, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Common and Waste Ground, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, Sir Thomas Alojlyn, Mr.

Asheton Smith, and Sir Robert Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.- Eliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Lidcean! Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- Roads Peti-unto subscribed, being Trustees for. executing Two tion»rePorted‘ Acts, the one passed in the ift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West TaphoujeLane to the Borough of [Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row , and

also the Road from the said Borough of Lijkeard to Crajt Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tarpoint, and from Crajt Hole aforesaid to Germans,

in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon , and the other

the said Ellejmere Canal, from a certain Place where the in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, same is intended to pals, at or near certain Water Corn to enlarge the Term and Powers granted in the said first-Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish oiWhitchurch, mentioned Act, and for amending the Roads from in the said County of Salop, to, and to communicate Barnjlreet to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Cra-with, the said Chester Canal, in the Township of in the

Stoke, in the Parish of Afion, in the said County of County of Cornwall, was referred j That the Committee Chester,which will promote and facilitate the Intercourse had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of of Trade and Commerce between the several Places in the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-the Neighbourhood of the said additional Cut or plied with} and that the Committee had examined the Canal, and will be of great public Utility j and that the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Powers and Provisions of the said Acts require to be al- report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; tered and amended in some Respects: And therefore and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards de-a livered

v

Wrksworth Xijclosure Petition*

Wirksworth Roads Petition*

livered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Eales being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads sufficiently improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the ill and ioth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of WestTaphouse Lane to the Borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row , and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And that Mr. Eliot, the Lord Fincastle, and Mr. William Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement j and that a Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of the same between and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, would be a manifest Advantage to the said several Persons, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees, forputtingin Execution an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to at, or near

to, a Place called The Cross in the on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the fjpd Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road, leading from the Cross Poll, on Wirksworth Moor, to Matlock Bat, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act described, but find that several of the Powers granted by the said Act, are defective, and require Amendment; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, which (till remain due, and unpaid j and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor can the Money now due on the Credit of the Tolls be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Vol. 56.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mundy, Lord George Au-guftus Henry Cavendish,&c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folk-stone, to the Town of Hythe, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Irthlingbo-rough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Cpmrnon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said City of Glasgow, within these last Fifty Years, has greatly increased in Size and Population, whereby the Duties of Magistracy, particularly of the Baillies, which consist in preserving the Peace and good Order, and superintending the Police of the City, and in administering Justice to the Inhabitants, have become so laborious, that it is almost impracticable for the present Baillies (who are only Three in Number) to perform those Duties to their own and the public Satisfaction, which renders an Addition to their Number necessary; and that the Fines, leviable from Persons refusing to accept the Offices of Lord Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, Conveener of the Trades, Treasurer and Councillors (owing to the Increase of Wealth, and Decrease of the Value of Money, since 1748, when those Fines were established), are not sufficiently compulfatory to secure the Acceptance of those Offices by the Persons chosen; and that, if the Number of Baillies be increased, it will be proper and expedient also to make an Addition to the ordinary Members of Council, so as to preserve the Number of Thirteen ordinary Councillors of the Merchant, and Twelve ordinary Councillors of the Trades Rank, over and above the Lord Provost and Baillies, and those Persons who are Councillors ex officiis-, and that the present Mode of electing Magistrates, and some of the other Office Bearers of the City, by dividing the Council into certain Lifts or Leets, has been found, by Experience, to be attended with considerable Difficulty and Inconvenience; and that there are Jikewife several other Parts of the Set or Constitution of the said City, relative to the Election of Office Bearers, and to their Situation after they are elected, which require Explanation

Dover and Hythe Koacli Bill, prtient* ed.

Irthlingbo* rough inclo-fare Petition*

Petition of tht Lord Provost, *C. Of Glasgow*

Wigtown Roads Petition.

Leave for Notice.

196 19° Martii. 1801.

tion and Amendment, in orderto prevent Doubts which frequently arise upon the Construction and Interpretation of the present Set or Constitution of the said City; and that the Petitioners have been advised, that an Act of the Legislature will be necessary for remedying these Evils v And therefore praying, for Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining, altering, and amending, the Set or Constitution of the said City of by adding to

"the Number of Baillies and Councillors, by increasing the Fines leviable from Persons refusing to accept the Offices of Lord Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, Con-veener of the Trades, Treasurer and Councillors, by abo-lishing the present Mode of dividing the Council into Lifts or Leets, at the Election of Magistrates, and certain other Office Bearers, and by altering certain other Parts of the Set or Constitution of the City relative to the Election of Office Bearers, and to their Situations, after they are elected, in order to prevent Doubts which sometimes arise from the Interpretation of the present Set or Constitution of the City, and for certain other Purposes, to be expressed in the said Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. M Dow all reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, as directs Notices to be affixed on the Door of the Sessions House, at the Quarter Sessions of the County, where the Roads to be repaired do lie, had been complied with; and that the Notices directed to be given in the Newspapers in the Months of August and September, or either of them, had been published Three Times in the Month of October, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament until it was too late to give the Notices within the Time required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the iSth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, was read: — And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That some Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, but the Powers granted by the said Act, have been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and it would be of Advantage to the Public if the said Act was repealed, and more effectual Powers were given for making and repairing the Roads in the said County. — The Member further said. That the Road through the said County, from the High Bridge of Cree, by Nezvton Douglas, and Gknluce,to Portpalrick, and from thence by

Stranraer, to the Confines of the County of near the Cavin of Lochryan,being one of the great Communica-

tions between "England, Scotland, and Ireland, is in bad Repair, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament. — And the said Member further informed Your Committee, That the Laws now subsisting for the making of Roads and building Bridges in the said County, have been found inadequate; and, in order to render the same more effectual, it would be ui'cful and advantageous, that the Statute Labour of the said County should be converted into Money, and the Rates and Mode of levying the same ascertained, and some additional Assessment allowed to be imposed.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circutnstances

mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notice may be forthwith given of the Application to Parliament, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, Three Times in the Newspaper called The Caledonian Mercury, in the present Month of March, or in the Month of April next.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Residents, within, or near, the several Townships of Stockport, Offerton, Alarple, and Difey, in the County of and

Thornfet and Whitle,in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the old Bridge, in the Market Town of Stockport aforesaid, to, or near Alarple Bridge, in the said County of Chester, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow,

and in many Places incommodious, and the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if a new Road was made from and out of the said Road, in the Township of aforesaid, through the Village of New Alills, in the County of Derby, to, or near Thornfet Gate, in the said County;

and all'o if another new Road was made from Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of Mills aforesaid, to, or near the Village of Dflcy aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Crewe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road, on Borough Heath, in the said County was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question levcru.lly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of

Exeter

Aldenham

tncIoiiire Bill,

presented.

Stockport and Marpl* Bridge Roads Petition*

Epsom and Ewell Road* Bill, reported.

Exeter Navigation Petition.

Exeter, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, in the County of Devon, from the Quay at Exeter to the public Road adjoining Four Mills, near Credit on, in the said County, by cutting, making, and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Basons, Refer-voirs, and odier necessary Works, and deepening and widening such Parts of the River Exe and Creedy as shall be found necessary for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in, to, and through the Parish of Saint David, in the City and County of Exeter, and the several Parishes of Saint Thomas Upton

Pyne, Newton Saint Cyres, and in the said County of Devon, will facilitate the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from the City of Exeter to Crediton aforesaid, and the several Parishes and Places through or near which the said Canal will pass, and will also cause the Improvement of that Part of the said County, by the easy and cheap Conveyance of Manure, Coals, &c. and will be of great public Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving arid extending the said Navigation, as shall be found necessary, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baring, Sir William &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow 'Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sttolecroft Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to

mftRo«U Order, a Bill to amend and widen the Roads leading

Bill, present- from Slap/ecross, in the Parish of Ewhurst, t Hornfcrofi, in the Parish of Northiam, and from aloiciaid to

the Turnpike Road near Brickwall in tue laid Parish of Northiam, and from Hornfcrcfs aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beck/ey, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence, through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thome, &c. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Incioftue Pe^ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, tition. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the several Townships of Thorne, Hatfield, Stainforth, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Thorne, Hatfield, and Fishlake, in the Manor of in the W'eft

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Townships, Parishes, and Manor, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which lie intermixed and dif-perfect in ftnall Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of being properly cultivated and improved; but, if divided, drained, embanked, and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, the same would be considerably improved s And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, improving, embanking, and inclosing, the said several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, -Ings, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subjeiSt to such Regulations, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do exa

Yot. 56,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lcfcelles, Mr. (

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Bubwith, &c. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Cottages. Lands, and Estates, within the Townships of Bubwith and Harleihorpe, or one of them, in the Parish of Bubwith, in the East Riding of the County of York,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Townships of Bubwith and Harleihorpe, several Open Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed in small Parcels, and are very inconveniently situated; and that the fame, and the said Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to all Parties interested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a Compensation made in lieu of all the Tythes of the said Townships: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Lcfcelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Mr. Praedreported from the Committee, to whom Grand June,

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand tiot Canal Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had ported,"'^ examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, paried in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal, and the several Cuts, and other Works, authorized to be made and done by virtue of the said several Acts, were read: — And,

Mr. James Barnes, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That the several Works authorized to be done by the said Acts, are nearly completed, and that in executing the said Works, the Company have contracted confides able Debts, owing, in a great Degree, to the Increaic in the Price of Labour, and all Sorts of Materials. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Homer, Auditor to the said Company, being examined, laid. That the Money authorized to be raised by the said Acts, for executing the different Works, has been found insufficient, and great additional Expence has arisen in consequence of the Increase in the Price of Labour and Materials, and it is necessary that Power should be given to the said Company, enabling them to borrow a further Sum of Money; and it will be expedient to alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for alter* ing and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts: And that Mr. Praed and the Earl Temple do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

5 E

198 190 Mart it. 1801.

Boutnois' Sir John William Ander reported from the Commit-

Nat‘?11, H* tee, to whom the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, inti-pass«St.,an tuled, An Act for naturalizing was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's'Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cltmenti'* Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit-^rted'and' tce> to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-passed. tuled, An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clemently was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Coiloenv'. Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit-ported'and* tee» to w^om the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-pall'cd. tuled, AnAd for naturalizing,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Accounts of The House being informed, that Mr. Robert Mitferd, Ria^nTorted ^rom Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, arld'exported, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented. presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Grain and Rice imported into the several Ports of Scotland, between the 5th of January 1800 and the 5th of January 1801; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported; And also.

An Account of all Grain and Rice exported from the several Ports of Scotland, between the 5th of January 1800 and the 5th of January 1801; distinguishing the Countries into which, and the Ports whence, exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this hellion.

Hunton and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Scotton ln: thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other

tr etI" Owners of Estates, in the several Townships of Hunton and Scotton,in the North Hiding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Fields, Moors, or Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Eltimation, 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

9 .

closing, the said several Open Fields, Moors, or Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dent and Sir John William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and ren- Sudburyand dering more effectual Two Acts, made in the 2d and 11 th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing Road Bill, and widening the High Road leading from the North Passed*

End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of

Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly Rood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly Hood, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the Second and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint -munds, in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly Hood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly Hood.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the London Assurance Corporation, for in- London AS-Turing Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for finance Car-lending Money upon Bottomry, was presented to the peUt'on. House, and read; Setting forth. That by virtue of ait Act, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for other Purpol'es therein mentioned, his said Majesty, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date at Weffminfer, the 22d Day of June 1720, constituted divers Persons, therein named, to be a Corporation for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry, by the Name of The London Assurance, with Power for them, and their Successors, to make such Assurances; and that, by the said Charter of Incorporation, the Petitioners are empowered only to assure Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes«at Sea, or going to Sea, and that a very extensive Inland Navigation is now carried on, indifferent Parts of the United Kingdom, by means of Canals; and that frequent Applications have been made to the said Corporation, to insure Vessels employed in Inland Navigations, and the Property laden on board thereof, which they do not conceive their present Charter empowers them to do; and that the Petitioners conceive, that any additional Security, which can be given to the extensive Intercourse between the different Parts of the United Kingdom, will be of National Benefit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the said Corporation to insure any Veil'd or Vessels concerned in Inland Navigations, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden' therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr.

Lushington,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, irl the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

Account of Unfunded Debt of the Navy, pre-tented.

Downton

Writ

Warwick Debtors Petition*

MorpethRoad

Petition.

Proceeding® on East India Judicature Act.

41 Geo. III.

190 Martii.

19 9

Mr. William Eliot., from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of His Majesty's Navy, and of all Demands out* Standing on the 31st December 1800; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst she other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this pre* lent Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts,in the room of the Right honourable Si r William Scott, who hath accepted the Office of Steward

or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Tottenham, in the County of

Buckingham.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's County Gaol of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Exe* cution Two Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford,

Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park

Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in , in the County of Northumberland, was presented. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That such Part of the said Road as lies between the Town of Morpeth afore* laid and Mitfordisown. Head, has, by the Encroachments

of the River Wanfpeck, become nearly impafifable, and is progrdfively becoming more dangerous, and it has become absolutely necessary to change the Course of the said Road, by making a new Road out of the present Turnpike Road leading from Morpeth, to Alnwick, in the said County, about a Quarter of a Mile from the North End of the Town of Morpeth to Milford Town Head aforesaid , and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, but are now in want of Funds for the Purpose of making the proposed necessary Alteration, and for keeping the said Roads in Repair; which Funds cannot be raised, nor the said Purposes attained, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other Powers granted; And therefore praying, That Leave rnay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House ,*

And it is referred to Sir Richard Gamon, Mr. Grey, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of the House, who had delivered in Lifts in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in Vot,. 56.

the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Notice being taken that the Right honourable John Orfers for

Staples was now present in his Place, in the House; ' of certain

The Order made upon Tuesday last, for the said Mem- Members, ber to attend the Service of this House, upon the 14th Day of April next, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being also taken that the Right honourable Thomas Grenville, William Mainwaring, Esquire, Thomas Everett, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Monkton, and Sir Robert Ainfiie, were now present in their Places, in the House;

The Orders made upon Tuesday last, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House, upon the 31st Day of this Instant March, were, upon the Questing severally put thereupon, discharged.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according Bill for en-to Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present of Potato.-", Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Cultiva- prefn>te<i.

" tion, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common " Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in " this Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands: ^Anc} the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a Second Tim*

Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Caflereagh do make the Report on Report from the Committee of the whole House, to of

whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Ireland (Duty last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, °n refi"e4 " An Act for granting an additional Duty on refined u?ars '

C( Sugars imported into this Kingdom."

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Corn- mittee had directed to be reported to the House} which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty on Refined Sugars, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called granted by the said Act, and which was to continue payable until the 25th Day of March i8oj, be further continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee InftmfUon, of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Rill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committr*on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ®naing Xrlfli further of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be li* Atts for mited, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament sranunsPu*

' tics.

of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Committee on IriftiDiftiJlery Bill.

Bill to continue Irish A&f for detaining Suspected Persons, ra-ported.

Bill to continue Irish Acts for Suppression of Rebellion* reported.

Bill refoefr-

ine the Office of Mutter of the Rolls in In*land, passed.

N

x 90 Martii.

1801.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit further the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord " Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he " or they shall suspect, for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government," was committed.

Mr. Solicitor General accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited. Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same, was committed.

Mr. Solicitor General accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-, posed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question.

To leave out the Word "now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Teas.j "j; }

Tellers for the Noesj^Jr' m| (Mr. George Ponfcnby: T

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^r* > g

1 euers for the I eas^ Mf yo/;„ Smyth. j

Tellers for the NceJ^r.

(Mr. George Ponjonby: >

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An Amendment xvas proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 3. 1. 16. by leaving out from the Word " payable" to the End of Line 23, and inserting the Words " during the Continuance of the Pension granted to the present Chancellor of Ireland, out of the " Profits of the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Ireland."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf-: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Matter of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that the Lord proceeding*

who has been elected a Baron to serve in this Parliament for the Town and Port of Rhaving, previous bury'* Ac- to his Election, accepted the Office of One of His ceptance ofan Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the room of office* the Right honourable William Wyndham Lord Grenville (there being at the same Time Two other Principal Secretaries of State, viz. the Duke of Portland and the Right honourable Henry Dundas, a Member of this House) the said Lord Hawkesbury desires the Opinion of the House, whether he ought to be deemed to have accepted the Office, commonly called or known by the Name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies, or an Office of the same Name, Nature, Description, or Purpose, within the Intent and Meaning of the Act, passed in the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contraded upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future,

" by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the " said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid " out of the Revenues of the Civil List;"

The House was moved. That the said Act might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Lord Hawkesbury is capable of being a Member of this House, notwithstanding his Acceptance of the said Office.

Tho

1

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of " such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or " other wise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills, and for " preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines " for draining Collieries and Mines, or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things ul'ed in conveying Coals,

" Lead, Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines, or Fences " for inclosing Lands, in purl'uance of Acts of Parliamfint," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolifiring of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riot-ouily assembled: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert This Esquire, Lord

Warden of the Forest of S, alias East alias Bier, in the County of Southampton, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Purlieu Owners of Lands within the Laid Forest, on Behalf of themselves, and others, the Purlieu Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Regard of the said Forest,being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Steele (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted

the House, that I lis Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think, fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty's Forest of South, alias East Bere, alias Bier, contains 1.3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Soil of the said Forest is particularly well adapted for the Growth of Oak Timber, and is situate very conveniently for Communication with the Naval Yard at Portsmouth, being in most Parts contiguous thereto; and that the said Forest comprizesTwo Walks, called East and West Walks, which contain Eighteen several lmaller Districts, distinguished as Purlieus, Two of which belong to His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, and the remaining Sixteen belong to the Petitioners, and others, having Estates within the Regard of the said Forest; and that the said Forest, in its present State, yields very little Profit, either to His Majesty, or to the said Purlieu Owners, in Comparison of what it might do if the same was Disafforested, and divided, allotted, inclosed, and held in Severalty, by H is said Majesty, and the said several Persons interested therein as aforesaid; and that it hath been proposed, that a certain Portion of the said Forest shall be let out and allotted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-cefi'ors, in Severalty, in lieu of His Rights in and over the said Forest, and as a Compenl'ation for the Dif-afforeftation of the lame, and for the Purpose of pre-lerving the Growth of Wood and Timber for the Supply of the Navy; that a certain other Part of the said Forest shall be set out and allotted to the said Robert Thistlet/nvayte, as Lord Warden as aforesaid, in lieu of his Rights in the said Forest; and that certain other Parts shall be set out and allotted to the Owners of Tythes arising within the said Forest, in lieu thereof; and that the Residue of the said Forest shall be set out and allotted to His Majesty, the Petitioners, and the other Purlieu Owners, and those Persons who have Right of Common and Turbary in the said Forest, according to their several Rights and interests therein, freed and discharged from all Tythes and other Claims whatsoever; and that such Division and Inclosure of the said Forest will not only tend to the Benefit of His Majesty, and all Persons interested therein, but, by reason of the Extent of the fame, and the general Richness and Fertility of the Soil, and its Vicinity to the Town of Vo 1. 56.

Portsmouth, will also be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Forest, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Abbot, the Lord Hawke/bury, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Fanjittarty Mr. John Smyth, Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Mr. Nicholas Ftinjit tar Mr. Browne,

Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Bur don: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 28th Day of July last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papers, which were presented to the House upon Friday last, by Mr. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of this House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called The South Level, lying and being in the Town* ship of S waff ham Prior, and in the several Parishes of Fen Ditton, Horningsea Quor, Bottisham, and S waff ham Bulbcck, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the ,7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act' for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham, Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior East, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Levels of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lyingwithin the Limits aforesaid,commonly called Invested Lands, was passed for the better draining of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and that, in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, another Act was passed for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the first-mentioned Act; and that the Commissioners, appointed by, and chosen in purl'uance of, the said Acts, have, under and by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereby in them veiled, and in the Execution thereof, borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Taxes alfelTedand charged by virtue of the said Acts, and have expended the fame, amounting to £. 4,000, and upwards, in making, supporting, and repairing Water Engines, Banks, and other Works of Drainage, to the great Advantage of most of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and that the Tolls and Taxes, granted by the said Acts, are insufficient for supporting and repairing the said Works of Drainage, compleating

3 F other

Committee on Port of London, appoint- ed.

Report referred.

Paper* respecting Ireland, to b« printed.

Swaffham Prior, &c. Drainage Petition.

.by

ip® — 20° Martii.

A. 1801.

Willingham

Inclosune

Petition.

Printed Stuff* Duties Bill, deferred#

Customs ad. ditional Duties Bill, deferred.

Committee on Duty on Removal of Spirits into Scot-Jand, deferred.

Committee on Removal of

prohibited tail India Goods, de* (erred.

Other Works necessary for the more effectually draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and paying the Interest of the Monies now due and owing upon the said Tolls and Taxes; and that, unless the said Acts are amended, and the Commissioners for executing the same are enabled to encrease the said Tolls and Taxes, the said Works must soon fall into Decay, and the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds be again reduced to a drowned Condition, and thereby rendered unprofitable to the several Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Biff for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General , Mr. Charles

Yorke,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John HBaronet, on Behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and in small Parcels difperled, and it would tend greatly to the ^Advantage of the Proprietors if the fame, and the Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Great Britain from Ireland, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Brit, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39 th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of Excite " on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of " British-mzde Spirits from England to and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for " altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of " Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland," as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or uied in Great Britain, and ware-housed, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3

Veneris, 20 0 die M

Anno 41* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of certain Lands, called Saint 'Thomas's Leas, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph's, Saint Andrew's, Saint , and Saint

Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes, commonly called Saint Thomas's , otherwise Pembroke Leys, and containing, by Admeasurement,

36 Acres, 1 Rood, and 3 Perches, or thereabouts, which are subject to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights; and that the said Lands and Grounds are well calculated for the Purposes of Building, and are otherwise capable of very considerable Improvement, in case the same were freed and discharged of such Common and other Rights: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extinguishing the Common, and other Rights, in and over the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Annejley, General Adeane, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Aflley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of William Richardson, Thomas Brown, William Hefleden, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 0(1 Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of East Halton, \n the County of.

Mr. AJiley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happifburgh and Less in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwallc and Shackage in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happifburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 2d, 5th, and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdotvn Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longhorn Bridge and Winborne the County of Dorset'-, and for amending and widening the Road from RingwoodGate, in the said County of to

Woolsbridge.

Cambridge (Common Rights) Pe-, tiuon.

Burgh and Billockby Allotment and Drainagi Bill, prerent, ed.

Member added to bring in Eall Halton Inclosure Bill.

Happitburgh, &c. Inclosure bill, presented.

Popham Lane and Win-clieder Road* Bill, presented.

Revel ey's Bftate Bill, committed.

Carmarthen Roads Bill, passed.

East Halton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Birmingham and Stratford Road Petition, reported.

41 Geo. III.

200 Ma

203

Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred,at Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from

Romsey, through Chilworth,to the River at Swathling, Birmingham, through Stratford upon to Stratford

in the said County: And the same was received j and in the said County: And that Sir George

read the First Time. gHftus William Evelyn and Mr. Dickins do

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Timber and other Trees on the Estates in the County of Northumberlanddevifed by the Will of

Henry Reveley, Esquire, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads, in the county of.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Harrison presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgk Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Four Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the 18th and 31st of King George the Second, and in the nth of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warming-ton, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Lea being examined, laid, That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in amending the said last mentioned Road, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, a considerable Part of which Money still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Road be effbftually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged and continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual. Four several Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the 18th and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of

Vo L. 56.

A Petition of the Butchers resident in the Town of Petitions of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And also, Bhroinghan

A Petition of the Butchers, Tanners, and Skinners, and Kidder-resident in the Town and Neighbourhood of Kidder- muifter' minster, in the County of Worcester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits th; Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying, for such Relief, as to the House shall seem just and meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Epsom and tering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, acrols Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Scarbrough thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting Harbour ** in Execution several Acts passed for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarbrough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That certain Acts were passed in the 5th and 25th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarbrough, in the County of York, and that certain Rates and Duties were, by the said Acts, granted and continued for efiefting and maintaining the Works requisite for enlarging the said Pier and Harbour, the Term of which Rates and Duties is near expiring; and that, under the Authority of the said Acts, the said Harbour hath been greatly improved, and a new Pier, for enlarging and making the same more extensively useful, was some Years ago begun, and is now carrying on at a very

large

tiou.

Quainton Inclosure Petition,

Heversham

Inclosure Petition.

204 20° Marrii.

A. i8or.

large Annual Expence, which Pier, when finished, will render the said Harbour more safe and commodious, and will be productive of great Advantage and Security to Trade and Commerce!, and be of public Utility; but the said new Pier cannot be completed and maintained, nor can such other Works as from Time to Time will become necessary, to keep the said Harbour in a State safe and commodious for Shipping, be executed and supported, unless the Term for collecting the said Duties be continued, and the Powers of the said Acts are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phipps, Mr. John , See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Quainton, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in which Common Fields the Lands of the several Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed, and the said Common Fields, as well as the said Wastes and other Commonable Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement i but, if the same were divided among the Proprietors, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, inclosed, and held in Severalty, and if Compensations were made for the Tythes arising within the said Parish, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors, and to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Temple and Sir William Young do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners end Proprietors of I^nds and Tenements within the Parish of in the County of Westmorland, who have Right of Common upon ti e Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several very large and extensive Tracts of Open Commons or Waste Grounds, containing 5,800 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but, if the same were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, a very considerable public and private Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form,' as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that *

Mr. James Lowther, Sir William and Mr.

George Wood,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors MiHthorp and Lands and Tenements within the Townships of Lcve‘,s

thorp with Heversham and Levens, in the County of sure eUtion‘ Westmorland, who have Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Town-ships, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several very large and extensive Tracts of Open Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing 2,000 Acres, or ti»ereabouts, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, to the several Persons interested, a very considerable public and private Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Lozvther, Sir William Lowther, and Sir MichaelLe Fleming, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved; That the Order, made Yes- odrrofLeaye terday, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to " explain, amend, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of wTf.'dii'dv.r*.

" several Acts of Parliament, which have been made e<h " and passed concerning the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for other Purposes," might be again read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of which was presented to the House on Thursday Lft; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of several Acts, passed concerning the Harbour of , in the County of Cumberland, and for indemnifying the Trustees for having paid Part of the Money raised by virtue thereof in the Manner therein mentioned: And that Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir William Lozvther, and Mr. 1 James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, accord- Presented. ing to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of several Acts, passed concerning the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for indemnifying the Trustees for having applied Part of the Money raised by virtue thereof in the Manner therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition of are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in an intended Manufactory, to be pany. called " The Regenerating Paper Company," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Matthias Koops being in Possession of a Discovery or Invention for extracting Printing and Writing Ink from Printed and Written Paper, and converting the Paper from

which

which the Ink is extracted into Pulp, and making thereof Paper fit for Writing, Printing, and other Purposes, and for the foie and exclusive Exercise of which pifcovery or Invention within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, as also Scotland, for the Term of Fourteen Years, His Majesty has been graciously pleased to grant His Letters Patent unto the said Matthias Koops, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, dated respectively the 28th Day of April and the 17th Day of last; and which said Discovery the Petitioners conceive, from the present Scarcity of Rags, and consequent enormous Advance in the Price of Paper, is deserving of the Countenance and Support of the House; and that the Petitioners are desirous of carrying the said Invention and Discovery into Effect, by establishing Manufactories for that Purpose, but that such Manufactories cannot be established without great Rifkin the Undertaking, and without a very large Expence, nor can be conveniently carried on, unless a considerable joint Stock is raised for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners submit, that the establishing and carrying into Effect such a Manufactory is the most desirable, as every Year renders the Difficulty of obtaining Paper of all Descriptions greater, and it is much to be apprehended, that, if this Invention should not be so far encouraged as to be prosecuted with Effect, the Business of Printing, and particularly that of Newspapers, mull be in a great Degree discontinued, the Exportation of Paper be totally annihilated, and of course the Revenue suffer a considerable Diminution, unless some other Substitute to use for a Raw Material can be resorted to; and that the Petitioners further submit, that, in case the said Manufacture shall be established and carried into Effect, the Waste Paper which is now bought up by Grocers, Tobacconists, Cheesemongers, and others, will be re-tnanufactured, and those Persons obliged to consume coarse new-manufactured Paper, which will of Necessity greatly increase the public Revenue; and that the Petitioners, and several other Persons, have already agreed to form themselves into a Society, and to raise a Capital Stock of £.25,000, for the Purpose of establishing and carrying on the said Manufactory; but the Petitioners, and the other Persons who have agreed to subscribe and raise the said Capital Stock of £.25,000, for the Purpose aforesaid, are apprehensive that, under the re-strictive Provisoes contained in the said Letters Patent, no more than Five Persons can carry on the said Manufactory, or be jointly interested therein, without Forfeiture of the Liberties and Advantages guaranteed by the said Letters Patent; and that great Difficulties may arise, as well in recovering Debts, which may grow due to the Proprietors of the said Manufactory, as also in defending Suits or Actions which may be commenced or brought against the said Proprietors for any Matter or Thing relative to the said Manufactory, as, by Law, all the several Proprietors and Subscribers to the said Manufactory must in such same both sue, and be sued, implead, and be impleaded, by their several and dif-tinct Names and Descriptions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, and to extend to them the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, contained in the said respective Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the said Matthias Koops, as aforesaid; and also giving proper Powers

for the Purpose of establishing one or more Manufactory, or Manufactories, within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Purpose of extracting Printing and Writing Ink from Printed and Written Paper, and converting the Paper from which the Ink is extracted into Pulp, and for making thereof Paper fit for Writing, Printing, and other Purposes; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, in such Vol. 56.

Manner, and under and subject to such Restrictions,

Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adams, Sir William -ford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ponttfraft thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and In- Poor Petition, habitants within, the Town of PontefraSl, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor Rates within the said Township have progressively increased for near Twenty Years last past, in an alarming Degree, and are now extremely burthensome, without any Manufacture of Importance being carried on in the Place, or any material visible Increase in the Population of the same Town; and that the Petitioners attribute such Increase, in a great Measure, to the present Mode of managing the Poor, which, from certain local Circumstances, is productive of particular Mischief; and that there is in the said Town, or contiguous thereto, a very convenient Situation for forming an Establishment, where the Poor may be advantageously accommodated and employed, and there are several Hospitals, with Property belonging to them, which might be regulated in a way to increase the ' Benefits to the same Hospitals, and to be of Advantage to the Poor in general; and that a Cemetery or Burying Place is much wanted in the same Town; and that there is in the said Town a Charity School, with a considerable Property in Land belonging thereto, but it is not known that there are any legal Trustees, or any legal Rules, or Orders, for the Management thereof, by Reason whereof the said Charity School does not produce the Advantages which it ought to do; but, by proper Regulations, the Establishment might be greatly improved and amended: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, with such Powers, and under such Conditions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the le- wiii xley In-veral Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, "i11/ and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within i>aUe the Manor and Township of Whixleyin the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley, in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- Stanley Tn-veral Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, c^ureBJi, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, p e *

j G within

Little Ufebufrt Inclosure Bill, paJfed*

Order for referring Stan-ground Inclo* lure and

Drainage Petition to a Committee, dilehargtd, and Hill ordered.

Spital fields new Street Petition.

within the Parish of Staveky, in the West Riding of the County of Turk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the severalOpen Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Comrfions, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of

York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places, and Wades, within the Manor and Township of Little Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Paf-turfes, Commonable Places, and Wastes, within the Manor and Township of Li , in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Right honourable Brownlow Lord Baron

Brownlow of Belton in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of fames Devie, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Stangromd with Farcet, in the Counties of

Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the ioth Day of this Instant March, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the said loth Day of this Instant March, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Petitioners did not intend to proceed upon such Part of the said Petition as relates to the Draining of the Lands and Grounds therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Order for referring the said Petition to the Con^dcration of a Committee be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said Petition: And that Mr. SimonYorke, Lord Frederick Montagu, and Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Landlords, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, within the several Parishes of Ch rift and Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be of great public Benefit to have a Passage commodious for Carriages and Passengers from the South End of Street, near Spitalfields Church, in the said Parish of

Christchurch, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of

Middlesex, whereby a better and more easy Communication may be made between Shoreditch, and

Parts adjacent, to the Hay Market in Whitechapel High Street aforesaid; and that such Pallage may now be made at a less Expence than at any other Time, as many of the old Buildings have been lately taken down, and others are now in a very ruinous, decayed, and depopulated State: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a

1

Passage from Spitalfields to Whitechapel High Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving, and rendering

the same commodious for Carriages and Passengers, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M Mr. Byng, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of for themselves,

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port for en-

larging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Trustees named and appointed by the said Act, were empowered to levy certain Harbour Duties upon all Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, bound outward from, and coming into, the said Port or Harbour, for the Voyages described in the said Act, for the Purposes therein specified; and also to borrow, under the Authority of the said Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding at any one Time the Sum of £.5,000 Sterling, upon the Security of the several Rates, Duties, and Tonnage, given and granted by the said Act, which Money so borrowed should be employed for the Ends and Purposes of the said Act, and not otherwise; and that the Petitioners, by virtue of the said Act, have advanced or borrowed nearly to the Amount of the said Sum of £.5,000, which has been applied for the Purposes specified in the Act, the Expenditure of which has been attended with the most beneficial Consequences to the Trade of the said City of Glasgow, and Town of Port Glasgow-, and that the Funds arising from she Duties authorized by the said Act have been found, from Experience, to be inadequate to the Purposes for which, they were intended, insomuch, that the Debt due to the Petitioners for executing the said Act has been gradually increasing for many Years, and is likely to continue to do so, to the great Loss of the Petitioners, and to the Injury of the said Trade, unless the said Funds be increased, by adding to the said Harbour Duties; and that, notwithstanding the Improvements which have been made under Authority of the said Act, yet Hill there is a very great want of Accommodation for the Ships and Vessels retorting to the said Harbour, owing to the small Extent of Docks and Harbours, and likewise great Inconvenience has arisen to the Merchants and Ship Owners for want of Ware-houses for Rowing their Goods and Commodities, which render additional Quays, Piers, Jettees, Wharfs, Docks, and other Accommodations to the said Harbour, and the Erection of additional Warehouses and Storehouses, absolutely necessary for the Trade of the said City and Town; and that these Accommodations and Conveniencies cannot be obtained without great additional Expence, which the Petitioners are willing to defray, upon Condition of their being authorized by Parliament to borrow such an additional Sum upon the Security of the said former and increased Harbour Duties, as may be necessary for carrying the intended Improvements fully into Elfedt; and that it will also be necessary, for the Accommodation of the said Trade, that Cranes and Sheds lliould be erected upon, or adjacent to, the present and said intended Quays and

Piers,

Port

Hart

tition

by

Additional Petition for IK

Upwell and Outwell Drainage Petition, report-

41 Geo. III. 20° Martii. 207

Piers, for discharging, loading, covering, and weighing, the Goods imported into and from the said Harbour; and that certain Cranage and Shed Dues should be levied for those Accommodations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, extending, altering, and amending, the said Act; for authorizing the Petitioners, and the other Trustees to be named in the said Bill, to borrow such an additional Sum upon the Credit of the said Duties granted by the before-recited Act (as the same may be increased by the said Bill) as may be necessary for carrying into Effect the said further Improvements intended by the Petitioners; for increasing the said Harbour Duties, so as to raise a sufficient Fund for defraying the Expence of the said intended Improvements; for building and erecting additional Quays, Piers, Jettees, Wharfs, Docks, Warehouses, and Store-houses, and other Accommodations, for the said Trade; for erecting Cranes and Sheds upon, or adjacent to, the said Quays and Piers, and for levying reasonable Cranage and Shed Dues for the Use of the fame; and for certain other useful and necessary Purposes to be specified in the said Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Trustees of the Towns of Port Glasgow and N, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said Towns, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of Glasgow, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Constituent?, are much interested in the Success of the said Application, whereby the Trade and Inhabitants of the said Town of Port will be greatly improved find benefited: And therefore praying, That the Prayer of the said Petition of the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Glasgow may be granted; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes expressed in their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. AJUeyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfclifesand others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands, within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Ille of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills o( Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, palfed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 13th Year of His present Majesty, for draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in Voj.. 56.

the Ille of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Holman being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the several Rates and Taxes authorized to be levied; which still remain due upon the Credit thereof, and have also incurred several Debts in executing the several Works of Drainage, which are ilill incomplete: That the said Fen Lands, containing in the whole near 11,000 Acres, might be further greatly improved by additional Works of Drainage, but the said Rates and Taxes are not sufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the present Works; and the several Powers given by the said Acts, are found defective and insufficient for the effectual Drainage of the said Fen Lands, and it is therefore expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Me of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk: And that Mr. AJlley and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, t,he fame.

A Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of London, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, apparently for the Purpose of encouraging the Brewing of good Table Beer, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings a Barrel; " exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding " Eleven Shillings a Barrel, exclusive of such Duties,'* it was enacted, that, from and after the 5th Day of July 1782, the several Rates and Duties then payable for Beer or Ale above 6 s. the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding iij. the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, which should at any Time or Times be brewed by the Common Brewers in England and Wales, should cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable, and in lieu and instead thereof there should thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above 6 s. the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding nr. exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the Common Brewer, and so proportionably for a greater or Idler Quantity, the Sum of 3J. to be paid by such Common Brewer; and that* by another Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enabled, that, from and after the parting of that Act, it should and might be lawful to and for all Common Brewers in England and Wales to brew Beer or Ale above 6 s. the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise by Law imposed for, or in respect of, such Beer, and not exceeding 135. the Barrel, exclusive of such Duty, commonly called Table Beer, under, according, and subject to, the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, which arc contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by the said Act, made in the 22tl Year of the Reign aforesaid, for Common Brewers brewing Beer or Ale above 6 s. the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding 11 s. the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer; and such Common Brewers, so brewing such Beer or Ale above 6 s.the Barrel, and not exceeding 13 j. the Barrel, should not be chargeable with, or liable to pay for or in rel'pect thereof, any greater or higher Duty than was imposed by Law for or in rel'pect of Beer

or

Petition of the Brewers of Table Beer.

Petition of the Board of Agri* culture.

Frtition of Vffrriiwry College.

208 200 Murtii. 1801.

or Ale above 6 s. the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, and not exceeding 11 the Barrel, exclusive of such Duty, brewed as aforesaid; and that, since the passing of the last-recited Act, it has proved that a Price of 13 s.per Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, is not sufficient to support its Expences, to stand against the common Contingencies of Trade, and afford even a moderate Profit to the Brewer, so that the Brewers of Table Beer have, for a long Time pad, been labouring under great Difficulties, which have gradually increased, and are now become insupportable, owing to the extraordinary high Price of Malt and Hops, which, together with Pro-vender, Fuel, and Labour, have advanced, since the passing the said last mentioned Act, beyond all probable Computation, to which mud be added the increased Capital of a Brewer, arising from the great Advance of the Price of Calks and other Utensils; and that, in consequence, the Trade is now become altogether inadequate to its Expenditure; and that the Petitioners are deterred from endeavouring to alleviate these Grievances by brewing their Liquor of an inferior Quality, being aware that such a Measure would not only draw on them the Complaint of their Customers, but likewise occasion a still more heavy Loss by the Return of their Liquor, as is the Usage of the Trade; and that many of the Petitioners Customers have requested to be supplied with good Table Beer, for which they are willing to pay a higher Price, but this the Petitioners are retrained from legally doing by the before-mentioned Act, by virtue of which such Beer would become subject to the Strong Beer Duty of 8 s. per Barrel: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, in such Manner, that Common Brewers may be authorized to fell Table Beer of a Price of 17 per Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, to such Persons as may choose to have it of that Quality; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William , Mr.

Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command)

acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in consequence of an Address of the House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture for promoting the internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners beg Leave to acquaint the House, that the important Purposes intended by that Institution are carrying on, and are likely to be attended with beneficial Effects to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be supported by a Grant for the present Year, to such an Amount, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of lundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution, called The Veterinary Coll-'ge,being offered to be presented to the

House;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Plan stated to the House in a Petition by them presented on the 6th of February 1795, their Exertions have been continued to carry into Effect the several beneficial Purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment of a College for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science; that, for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horses, and other valuable Cattle, they have Pleasure in stating, that 93 Pupils have passed Examination at the said College, many of whom are now settled in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are practising the Knowledge they have acquired, to the great Advantage of the Public; and it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners are enabled to state, that the Importance of the In-ftitution having been taken into Consideration by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, the Propriety of appointing Persons, educated at the College, to be Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments of Cavalry, has been determined on, in pursuance of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been referred, and that, in consequence of such Decision, 34 Pupils, whose Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and 28 other Pupils are now pursuing the Studies at the College, several of them intending to fill similar Situations, as soon as they shall be deemed duly qualified, each of them being subject to the same rigorous Examination of the Medical Committee, and to be certified in the same Manner as has hitherto been practised in respect of the other Pupils of the College; and that the Petitioners further state, that, desirous of rendering, to the utmost of their Power, their Institution advantageous to the public Service, the Colonels of the different Cavalry Regiments have been invited to fend each a Farrier to the College, in order to his being taught the Structure, Economy, and different Diseases of the Horses Foot, and instrufted in a Mode of Shoeing, tending very materially to its Preservation; and that many Army Farriers have been consequently admitted into the College for Instruction in that particular Part of Veterinary Knowledge; and that the College continues under the Direction of the Professor Mr. Coleman, a Gentleman of Talents and Skill, and who, by many useful and important Discoveries in the Science, has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully justified the Expectations formed of its Improvement, from his Exertions; and that the Petitioners have already stated to the House, the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan, and particularly from the embarrassed State of their Finances; and, though the Aid so liberally granted by Parliament, has, in a great Degree, alleviated their Difficulties, it has yet proved inadequate to remove them entirely, notwith-standing the Petitioners have, with the utmost Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure much within the Estimate of the Committee of the House, to whom the former Petition was referred, and within those Limits to which, they are still of Opinion, it would be proper to extend it, in order that the Public may derive the full Benefit of such an Establishment, the Petitioners have again with Regret to state, that, (under the heavy Pressure of Debt, of which an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament, it will be importable to bring to Perfection an Establishment, which, from the Advantages accruing from the more Ikilful Care of so important a Branch of public Property, as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever an Object of National Importance: And therefore praying, That such Relief may be granted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

4i Geo. III. 20° Mar tit.

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Durham, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken that Sir George William

ShuckburghEvelyn, Baronet, and the Right honourable Members' dif. William Dundas,were now present in their Places, in the charged. House;

The -Orders made upon Tuesday last, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon the 31 ft Day of this Instant March, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Committee re- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider mCincio(ure^S Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

Bills,appoint- Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out, or the alter'd- " . ing, of public Roads; and to report their Opinion there-

upon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr, Charles Torke, Mr. Bur don, Mr. Sir Robert Buxton, Mr.

Wilberforce, Lord Granville Mr. Dickin-

jon, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Act ley. Sir John Frederick, Mr. Henry Ge-

neral Adeane, Mr. Dickins, Mr. Planter, Mr. Charles Dundas, and all the Knights for Shires in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Durham Debtors Petition,

Orders for Attendance

The Lords have agreed to

Postage Duties Bill#

Paper and

Tea Duties Bid.

Borough-bridge and Durham Roads Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker, and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in, or imported into. Great Britain, and on Tea imported into, and fold in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Orders for Notice being taken that Andrew , Esquire,

Krtain Mem"f ant* t^ie Lord Hervey, were now present in their Places, in bers.discharg- the House;

tdm The Orders made upon Tuesday last, for the said

Members to attend the Service of this House upon the 31 ft Day of this Instant March, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Motion for a A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, )>|iptehe Bank' That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any withdrawn. ' Resolution of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to increase the Dividend on Bank Stock, or to give any Bonus to the Proprietors of Bank Stock, for the Half Year, ending the 5th of next.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Bill for en- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second counting the Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, SKZZ made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present committed.' Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Cultivation, Vol. 56.

" Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable " Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Common and Open Field Lands, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. /

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue, fora a a? for de-Tirne to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of taining Suf-the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to empower " the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against " His Majesty's Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or " other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apptehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall " suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and " Government."

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Castlereagh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further continuing, for a Time to be limited. Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Parsons and Properties of His Mrjbfty's faithful Subjects within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1. ult. After " present," to insert " Provided " also, that no Punishment shall be " inflicted by virtue of any Authority " under this Act, or any other Act " which shall be revived or continued " by this Act, unless such Punishment " shall have been adjudged by a Court " Martial properly ordered and constituted, according to the Forms " prescribed by this Act."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted}

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting in the same Place, the Words "Provided " also, that no Person shall be deemed qualified to fit "upon any Court Martial assembled, or to be assembled, " by virtue of this Act, or any Act to be revived or continued by this Act, unless such Person shall have attained the full Age of Twenty-one Years."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It paired in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting in the same Place, the Words "Provided "also, that no Punishment shall be inflicted upon any " Offender convicted under any Authority derived from

3 H " this

Bill to continue IrifliA&s for Sunprel-fion of Rebellion, passed.

20* Martil

A. 1801.

" this Act, or from any Act to be revived or continued " by this Act, other than such as would have been inHided upon such Offender under the Common Law or " Statute Law, had such Offender been tried and con-"vifted in the ordinary Course of Justice."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting in the same Place, the Words "Provided "also, that no Person shall be tried for any Offence, by "virtue of any Authority derived from this Act, or any " Act to be revived or continued by this Act, for which "Offence he shall have been previously tried in the " ordinary Course of Justice, and discharged upon a " Verdict of, Not Guilty."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called , in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which ftillexists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fourth Report Mr. Banket reported from the Committee, appointed witteeonPro- *° consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and vifionj. to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was ' read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That they will proceed to consider under what Restrictions it may be expedient to recommend a temporary Advance of public Money to Places, in Situations of extreme and peculiar Distress; that, in the mean Time, from the present Exigency, the Committee think it necellliry to recommend, that, with a View to the immediate Relief of certain Places, the House should grant to His Majesty such Sums as may be deemed necessary to be advanced by Way of Loan, for the Assistance of those Places where the Pressure is most urgent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Money to be advanced by Way of Loan should be repaid by the Parish, Township, or Place, to which such Loan shall have been made respectively.

Ordered, That the (hid Report do lie upon he Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, reported Bill for con-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Acts granting Du-of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for tie*, reported, granting Duties to His Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way*and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ae^ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply de resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ferred* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to deferred, whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope-, and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Printed stufc further Consideration the Report of the Bill for granting ^sene^*11* to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Britain, from Ireland-,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon TuefdayMorning next.

frish DiOiliery M:\Solici for General,according to Order, reported from

JBiU, reported. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit further the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Cuitomsad-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fj'ets'°a*!ffu' upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties deferred', of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

an

Committee on Duty on Removal of Spirits into Scotland.

Committee n Removal of prohibited Bait India Goods.

Billrespecting Indentures of Apprentice-iliip, ordered.

Biftillation of Spirits in Scotland from Me-lasses, to be considerecL

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

20° — 2i° Martii.

41 Geo. III.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in " land, and on the Exportation of BritiJJj-ma.de Spirits from " England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in " lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of " Distilleries in Scotland," as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same; and report to the House, upon Tuesday Morning next, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts:

And they are referred to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hi/ey Addington, Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, Mr. , Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Hazvkins Browne, Sir John Frederick, Sir William Sir Robert Buxtdn, Sir William , Mr. Abbot, Mr.

Vanjittart, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thornton, the Lord Arden, Mr. John , Mr. By bus, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Golding, Mr. Burdon, and Mr. Adams: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of " Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland,

" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for " altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of " Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scot-c* land," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as allows the Distillation of Spirits from Mclallcs or Sugar in Scotland, at a reduced Hate of Duty.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lilts, which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Vol. 56.

Sabbatiy210 die Martii;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arundel M»-for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by nor Bill, com-an Act, passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His nutt* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel " of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed " by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the " First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the " said Act," in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Annejley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants within the Borough of Petition from Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That bf^Oauneal' Meal, made from Oats, constitutes a great Part of the Sustenance of the lower Clafies of the Inhabitants, not only of the said Borough, but of all the populous and manufacturing Parts of that Riding, as well as the Dif-trifts North and West of Yorkshire, and of Scotland also, and that such Meal now is, and for some Time past hath been, at so high a Price that the labouring Poor cannot purchase the same in sufficient Quantities for the Support of their Families, and the Distress arising therefrom is excessive; and the Petitioners further represent, that the great Quantity of Oats consumed by Horses, kept merely for Parade or Pleasure, and of Oatmeal consumed by Dogs, kept merely for Pleasure, contribute much to advance the Price or Oatmeal; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that such Horses and Dogs are, notwithstanding His Majesty's most gracious Proclamation, kept at their usual Allowance, whilst the labouring Poor, in the Districts above mentioned, are sinking under their Daily Labour, through Famine and Want: And therefore praying. That the House will take the same into their Consideration, and that a Law may be passed, restricting, for a limited Time, the Consumption of Oats and Oatmeal by Horses and Dogs, kept merely for Pleasure.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provuions.

The

2X2

IrirtiDiitiilcry The Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit further the mak-Biii,passed. ing of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to prohibit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Bill for con- , Thc Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing, for a Time Aaj'tor1"1 to be limited, certain Acts of the last Session of the granting Du- Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Ma-tie*'passed, jesty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

have agreed to Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

Mutiny Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

BiiT11" The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tmy ‘ for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also,

Horses addi- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act uonai Duties for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, and for exempting from Duty, Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promifi'ory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Bounties, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great and Little Checkhi/l, within the Manor and Parish of AT liver,otherwise Kinfarein the County of Stafford-,

without any Amendment: And also,

4.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. ind'jiure for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Amendments. Waste Lands, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack, or Cow Pafmre, and Shaw within the several Townships of and I Til ton-Gilbert,

and in the several Manors of Chester and in

the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguiiliing all Right of Common on certain inclosed Intcrcommon Lands, within the same Townships; with some Amendments; t« which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Wecdon in- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. with anBlll> for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Amendment. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of IVeedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke,in the County of Buckingham-, with an

. 2

1801.

Amendment; to which Amendment, the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Right honourable Lord Edward Charles Cavendijli Bent inch was detained in

the Country by Illness;

The Order, made upon Tuefda last, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House, upon the 31st Day of this Instant March, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

A Petition of the poor unfortunate Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual. Four several Acts, made in the x 2th Year of the Reign of King. George the E'irft, in the 18th and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmingt on, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to in

the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Overseers of the Poor of the Town-ftiip of Whitehaven, in Cumberland, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Township of Whitehaven comprehends the Whole of the populous Town of Whitehaven, containing about 15,000 Inhabitants, and about 5,000 Objects liable to be taxed for the Relief of the Poor; and that the making of a perfect Poor Rate in this Township, is wholly impracticable, owing to the vast Number of Persons and Things to be included in the Rate, and the fluctuating State of Property, and of the Occupiers thereof; and that the Petitioners, previous to the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for Cumberland, made and published a Rate, which was appealed against by the Right honourable James Earl of Lonsdale, the Lord Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of the said County, and, during the Pendency of that Appeal, they were not able to enforce t he Payment of the Rate, whereby the Petitioners were obliged to borrow a large Sum of Money for the Maintenance of the Poor, to prevent their starving in the mean Time; and that, at the said Sessions, this Rate was wholly quashed, because it appeared to the Court that the Names of Two House Owners were therein inserted instead of the Occupiers, although no such Objections were stated in the Notice of Appeal, whereby the Petitioners had no Opportunity of defending themselves against such Objections; and that, as the Law now stands, the Petitioners are advised the Quarter Sessions have Power to quash the whole Rate, for the fmaileft Omission therein, and that it is in i!k;V ower of any Inhabitant to suspend the Collection of the Rate for the whole Space of Time between its Publication and the then following Sections, by appealing against it, inasmuch as the Magistrates cannot safely iliue Distress Warrants thereon, till after such first Sections; and that the Petitioners have published Two other Rates since the last Sections, both of which have been suspended in their Operation, by Appeals brought by the said James Earl of Lonsdale, who, by thus appealing against every Rate the Petitioners make, before they are coileClcd, not only renders such Rates unavailing to the Petitioners for the Relief of the Poor, but induces many of the Persons assessed, to withhold the Payment of the Rates; and

that

2i° Martii.

Stamps additional Duties Bill.

American Flour Bill.

Kinfare Tn-closure BUI.

Warn

Order for Attendance of a Member dii-charged.

Maidstone Debtors Petition.

Birmingham and Stratford Roads Bill, presented.

Petition of

Ovcnteib of Whitehaven, respecting the Poor Rates,

4i Geo. III. 21 — 23 0 213

that the Petitioners have summoned several of the Persons assessed before the Magistrates, hut have not been able to procure Distress Warrants, by Reason that the Magistrates (acting in such Cases judicially) would, if the Rates were afterwards quathed at the Sessions, be liable to Actions of Trespass; and 'that the Petitioners have already borrowed Money, and incurred Debts, by maintaining the Poor of the said Township, vto nearly the Amount of, £.1,000.; that they are not able to make further Advances, and must be inevitably ruined, and upwards of 500 Paupers starved, in case they are not relieved by an Amendment of the Law: And therefore praying, That the Laws relating to the making and Validity of Rates, and the Power of Magistrates to issue Distress Warrants thereon pending an Appeal, may be amended, and that the Power of the Sessions may, by Law, be confined to the correcting and equalizing of Rates, and restrained from the quashing of the whole Rate; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief extended to them, as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report on Re. Ordered, That Mr. Wallace do make the Report KiWted°FastT0' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it India Good*, was referred to consider of permitting certain Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Mr. Wallace accordingly reported from the said Committee, That they had directed the Chairman to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the Wft Indies.

And Mr. Wallace moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West And that Mr. Wallace, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Report on Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

moval°of s'i- ^ie Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rents into Scot- ferred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Iand- 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of " Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Expor-'u tation of British-made Spirits from England to " land, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, " and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain " Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries " in Scotland," as relates to' the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland. *

Mr. Wallace accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had di-' redted to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place;'and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be ‘ charged for and upon every Gallon Wine Mea-

sure of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for Vo l. 56.

any higher Degree of Strength,'which ftia'I be made or distilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Wallace, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Or- Kill refbect-der, a Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprentice- turesot^Ap* ship of Poor Children, and others, made upon im- prenticeship, proper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to in- Prelented-demnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Committee on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole spiritot-House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the land from Me-39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Ma- laffesAferred-jesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of " Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain " Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries " in Scotlandas allows the Distillation of Spirits from

Melasses or Sugar in Scotland, at a reduced Rate of Duty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lurue, 230 die Ma;

Anno 410 Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. AJUey presented to the House, according to Hicklingln-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, dofure and draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh p^nud. Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ilick/ing, in the County of Norjolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Will enforce reported from the Committee, to Hallamshire whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Cutler* P*ti-Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cut- tlon»r*Porte lers, in Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their

Corporate Seal, and of the several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, interested in the Manufacture of Cutlery Wares, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

'jojeph Bayley being examined, said. That the manufacturing and vending of Knives, Sickles, Shears, Scissors,

Razors, Files, and Forks, made of wrought or forged Iron and Steel, is carried on at Sheffield in and elsewhere, to a great Extent, and forms a very valuable and important Brandi of the Manufactures

« I and

LorJsAm^nd-ment to Wee-don Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Dtin liable Reals Bill, committed.

V-\ ,:Vfter ':

: < :Ol Ptti-

23° Martii. . 1801.

and -Commerce of this Kingdom, and, by Reason of the ge neral Estimation and Repute to which such Cutlery Wares have been raised by their superior Quality, great Quantities thereof are annually exported to Foreign Countries: That many of such wrought or forged Cutlery Wares, namely, Knives, Scillors, Razors, and Forks, have for some Time past been imitated by the like Manufactures of Call Iron made in Moulds, which Cast Iron Manufactures are brittle and weak, and of an inferior Temper and Quality, but are so well dressed and polished, and bear so exact a Resemblance to the said wrought or forged Cutlery Wares, that a Stranger to the Bulineis can lcarce distinguish the one from the other without trying their Strength and Elasticity; and for Want of some distinguishing Mark upon such Cast Iron Wares, great Deceits and Frauds are practised upon the Public in the vending thereof, and the said wrought or forged Cutlery Wares are in danger of loling their Repute, and particularly in Foreign Markets. — And the Witness further said. That certain deceitful and fraudulent Practices have been, and may be used, by Persons marking or Stamping upon Knives, Sickles, Shears, Sciffors, Razors, Files, and Forks, or some of them, " Cast Steel or Shear Steel," when such Goods are only common Steel.

Mr. John Rimingtonbeing also examined, confirmed

the foregoing Evidence.

Then, An Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and

within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was read: And,

Mr. Bayley being again examined, laid, That some of the Provisions of the said Act have been found inconvenient and ineffectual, and require Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of Hardivicke, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows h; viz.

Pr. 73. 1. 24. Leave out from " made" to the End of the Bill.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the lload from the B':!'Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to Sh afford House, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Befuhcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pinner,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winch 'tier,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have lately presented a Petition to the House, that Leave might be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to

raise a competent Sum of Money for defraying, as well the Expences which have hitherto attended the pulling down the old Gaol or Bridewell of the said City, and the creding and building a new Gaol or Bridewell, as also the Expences which may be necessary to complete tire fame, by one or more Rate or Rates upon the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said City of Winchefur, or in l'uch other Manner as to the House may seem meet; and that there are Six old Houses or Tenements lituate close to the said new Gaol or Bridewell, by the removing and taking down of which, not oniy much Advantage will be derived to the said new Gaol or Bridewell, but great Convenience will rel'ult to the Public by widening the Street, which, in its present State, is much too narrow; and that, for the Reason aforesaid, it having been judged advisable to remove the said old Houses or Tenements, a Meeting of the Inhabitants of the said City has been convened, in consequence of a Requisition made to the Petitioners by the said Inhabitants, to take the Measure into C-msideration, when it was unanimously resolved that the iaine, if it could be carried into Eft'eft, would be of great public Benefit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to introduce into the said Bill one or more Ciaule or Clauses, to enable proper Persons to purchase and remove the said Houses or Tenements, and that a competent Sum of Money may be raised for the Purpose, by the Means before-mentioned, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winchester,in the County of Southampton, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for droning and improving certain Lands and leverington Grounds in the Parish of Leverington, and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tb General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrookpresented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst,in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Old Hurst fcl-closure Kill, presented.

Sir Robert Buxton presented to the House, according Boughton to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, preiinwd. the Common Fields, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to Crcfnngham whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Incloj'‘Je Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack 1X1)01 Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lamtnas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Creffingham,in the County of Norfolk; and certain Open and Inclosed Fields and

Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Creffingham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined

IV

4i Geo. III. 230 M. 215

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trueand that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table, where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difagrced to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Ciaule was offered to be added to the Bill, for let- ting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House,

I to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Kennet and A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of BiH°commit- ^)e Kennctand Avon Canal Navigation to complete the

fed,' lame, and for amending the several Acts passed for

making the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Charles Dundas, Mr. Golding, &c.: And they are to meet this Act crnocn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition of A Petition of Samuel and the other Persons,

‘a^fnaD® vyhole Names are thereunto subscribed. Members of BilL. 6 the Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon

Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet at or near the Town of New in the County of , to

the River Avon at or near Ihe City of , and also certain other Navigable Cuts therein described, the Petitioners, and sundry other Persons therein named, are created and made a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of 'The Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, and by that Name, to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal; and that by the said Act, the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal as above described, and a Committee of Management is appointed, with Power to raise, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, the Sum of ^.420,000, payable by the Members of the Company in Manner therein-mentioned, and the said Company have likewise Power to raise a further Sum of 150,000, either amongst themselves, or by borrowing the same on the Security of the said Canal Navigation; and that the original Number of Scares was 3,500, and each Share was calculated to pay £. 120, but that many of the original Members of the Company, having forfeited their Shares therein by the Non-payment of their Proportions of the said Sum of £.420,000,the Deficiencies have been

made good by the Petitioners and other Members of the said Company, so that the Petitioners have paid £.1 7. ioj. for each of their Shares over and above the original Calculation of £.120, which Sums of , and £.17. 10 s.make together/. 13 7. 10 for each

Share, and for the Petitioners Shares the aggregate Sum of ,£.9,587. ior.; and that the said Canal is not completed; and, notwithstanding the above-mentioned Power for railing £. 150,000. for that Purpose, certain Members have devised a Scheme for railing Money for the finishing it, by creating 4,000 new Shares at the reduced Rate of £. 60. for a Share, and to put the Subscribers to such n<*w Shares on an equal Footing with the Petitioners, and the other original Members, who have paid £.137. 10 j. a Share; whereby, in case Vol. 56.

the Income of the said Canal should ever be able to pay j£-5- for a Share, the Subscribers for such new Shares would receive something more than £.8. per Centum on their Subscription, whilst the Petitioners, and other original Members, who have paid such Sum of £.137. 10f. for a Share, would not receive full £.3. 15*. per Centum-, and that the Petitioners conceive such Scheme to be extortionate in the Extreme, as the new Subscribers would run no Rilk, nor fullain much Delay, and, whatever it may be, the Petitioners will sustain the fame; and that the Petitioners admit it to be definable to have the Canal finished, and would not give it unnecessary Delay, but they hope that a Delay of a Year would bring them the Blessing of Peace, and that the necessary Sums for finishing the Canal might then be borrowed at legal Interest; and that the Petitioners have been credibly informed, and believe, that the proposed new Shares are already become an Object of Traffic, and carry a Premium; and that the Petitioners conceive that no Meeting of the Members of the Company is authorized by the said Act of the 34th of His present Majesty, or any other Act, to affix the Seal of ti e Company to any Petition to the House for the Purpose of railing a further Sum of Money, and that the same can be done only by unanimous Content of the Members of the Company; and therefore hoping, that the House will not deprive them, without their Consent, of what they conceive to be their just Right, by giving to late Subscribers of £.60. a Share an Advantage equal to the Petitioners, and other original Subscribers, who have paid £.137. io.r. a Share; and, relying on the Equity of their Caie, they have not solicited a numerous Subscription to this Petition; but, if the House shall come to a Resolution that 4,000 new Shares, at £.60. a Share shall be created, the Petitioners pray, That such Shares may be benefited only by a Rate of Interest on the Sums which may be adually advanced per Share by the new Subscribers, proportionable to the Rate to be paid on the Sums already advanced, by the Petitioners and the original Subscribers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Dovor and whom the Bill for altering, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from the Town and Port of reported,

to the Town and Port cf Sandwich, through the Parish of IValderJhare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham,

up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of ,other-

wile Beausfield, in the County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Dover and Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ted! and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and re« pairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham

Downs,

2i 6 230 Mart it. A. iSor.

Dok'ns, and from Colgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folkjlme, to the Town of Hythe, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Gcarx, Sir Edward Knatch&c-.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

South -Ferriby A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commute*111' Qpen Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. /' xner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

C-trlifle and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are BnftolDcbfors thereunto set, being Persons confined for Debt in His etitwns. Majesty's Gaol at the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland: And all'o,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, Briftok,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Belief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered lie upon the Table.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

FramVl te Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, i^ncjoTure An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Corn- Bill, agreed mons, or Waste Lands, and Two Parcels of Ground t0‘ called The Intack, or Cow Pajhtre, and Shaw Wood,

within the several Townships of and Wit-

ton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of and

Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common on certain inclosed Intercommon Lands within the same Townships.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 119. 1. 13. After " from" insert " and after," and in the same Line leave out from " the" to " fo" in Line 17, and insert " Execution of the Award."

Pr. 126. 1.19. Leave out from " as" to " shall," in Line z 1.

I.24. Leave out from " respectively" to " and, " in Pr. 128. 1. 33.

Pr. 160. I.28. After " clfewhere" insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That the alledging the " said Moors, Commons, and Waste " Lands, or any of them, intended to be divided and inclosed by this " Act, to be within the Township " or Parochial Chapelry of " Gilbert, shallmot in any wise prejudice, alter, or affect the Right " or Title of any Person or Persons,

" Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to the Tythes of " any of the said Moors, Commons,

" or Waste Lands, in any Manner " or Respect whatsoever."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Work indo- Mr. Dickinsonpresented to the House, according to linted!*1' pr<* Ord«r> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Eft court reported from the Committee, to whom Corfli.:in the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker'sBarn, in the Parish of Corsham,in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Accounts suant to their Orders, presented.

An Account of the Expence attending the Army Expence of maintained by this Country, including Militia, and all Army* other Corps, for the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot, so far as the same can be made up at the War Office:

And also.

An Account of the Expence of the Army, including j>. Militia, and all other Corps, for the Years 1779, 1780,

1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot, so far as the same can be made up at the War Office: And also.

An Account of the Number of Troops maintained by N« of Troops, this Country in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing each Year, and the Number of Horse and Foot, so far as the same can be made up at the War Office: And also,

An Account of the Number of Troops maintained by D*. this Country, including Militia, and all other Corps, for the Years 1779, 1780, 1781, and 178a; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot, so far as the same can be made up at the War Office.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Notice being taken that Sir John Baro- Orders for

net, and John Nejbit, Esquire, were now present in their ^erttirT* Places, in the House; Members.dif.

The Orders made upon Tuesday last, for the said cU'rS'li' Members to attend the Service of this House upon the 31st Day of this Instant March, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

A Petition of the Trustees of the Brit iff being Britishi Mu-

offered to be presented to the House; feum Petition,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the ' said

Petition,

4i Geo. III. 230 Mar til

217

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, in the 2d Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of £.30,000, Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £. 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from the House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income; which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King's Librarian, Yearly amounting to about 250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trull without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant them such farther Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and ul'eful Knowledge, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an te!Td Account ^ie Several Sums that have been already Museum, granted for the Service of the British , and of the

ordered. Expenditure thereof.

Motion for a A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

kPthe*B^k there he laid before this House, a Copy of any Re-

iieg! " solution of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to increase the Dividend on Bank Stock, or to give any Bonus to the Proprietor of Bank Stock, for the Half Year ending the 5th of April next;

It passed in the Negative.

Trthe Lenfcs Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay presented to the Bill, present- House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Clergy to let Leases of their Tythe, for a limited Period, under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 14th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for continuing Inih Acts for panting Duties.

Irish Diliillery Bill.

Bank Notes, &c. Bill, ordered.

Bill for better

Collection of Poor Rates, ordered.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland for granting Duties to His Majesty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Promifl'ory Notes, Bank Poll Bills, and Bills of Exchange: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the

V o l. 56.

Poor: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Gunning, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Friday last. Day appoint-was made from the Committee appointed to consider of fidering°n" the present High Price of Provisions, and to report tire Fourth Refame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, Uort ?-A to the House, be taken into further Consideration To- rovi °ns' morrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to East India Order, a Bill for permitting East India Goods prohibited preftntfd.1' to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carnage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^wned/and continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and re-committed, better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope-, and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to %

Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar and ordered‘

Rum imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, p", 311 between the 5th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day of January 1800; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D«. Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported from. Brir tain, between the 3th Day of January 1800 and the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram, was read a Second ted.'coranu Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Anderson, Mr. Keene ,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

K An

A. 1801.

518

23* — 24° MartiL

EngfWm'i N^t. Bill, committed-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engstrom, was read a Second

Time. . „ ,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,in the Speaker's Chamber.

Martis, 24 die Martii;

Anno 41* Georgii IUtU Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Weltje's Nat. Bill, committed*

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Amelia Weltj was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bin for en- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

c°Un5anoQhe re ^ve i^lf into a Committee of the whole House, of Potatoes, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made deferred. in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable *' Fields, Walles, and Commons of Pasture, in this " Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ABIL L for enlarging the Term and Powers of feve- Popham Lane ral Acts, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the zd, 5th, Bill, commit-and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ted. repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown in Popkam Lane, to the City of Winchej and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's , and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike at and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringiv in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne,

in the County of Dorset, and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gatein the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilwortto the River at Swathling, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'*

Chamber.

Ways and Means deferred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Butchers, and others concerned in the Flaying of Hides and Skins, in the Market rough! We

Supply deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty; ^lIlcu 111 uuu Ul uj5 rough, wev

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Town and Vicinity of in the County of

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Northampton: And also, /

A Petition of the Butchers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Butchers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport, in the County of Chester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Jil

BIT

for

loi

Billrespecting Indentures of Apprenticeship, committed.

A Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King ® the

First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging ol Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before prevented to the House relating thereto; and praying for such Relief, as to the House shall seem just and right.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Committee on

Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from MelnlTes, deferred.

A Bill for regulating, making, and repairing, the Selkirk Road. High Roads in the County of was read a Second coraIult*

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Stuart, the Earl of Dalkeith, &c.: And they are to meet tuled,*""ArT Act for V^'ealing the Duties of Excise on Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

British-mz.dc Spirits from England to Scotland, and for «« granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for alter-« ing, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in

allows the Distillation of Spirits from Melasses or

as

Sugar in Scotland at a reduced Rate of Duty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattishall,in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. AJUey, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Inclo'.un- BUI committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marfti Lands, Commons,

Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and BUlockby, in the County of Norf oik, was read a Second comma Time,

Resolved,

Bure;h ar

BiUockb

Inclosur

Dr3.1r.a2

Launceston Roads Bill, reported*

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to conti-»ue lnfh A<5h, for detaining SuspeitedPcr-lons.

Bill to continue Irish Act« for Suppref-soon of Rebellion*

Royal Affenl to Bills*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. AJlley, ness the Duke of , His Royal Highness the

Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to Chamber. declare and notify the Royal Afl'ent to the said Bills;

and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl and Ordered, That Mr. Orchard do make the Report from the Lord IValfmgham, named also in the said Commission, the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to amending Two Acts, severally passed in the 33d Year of the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth j the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Ma- in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties jesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwallj Part of the United Kingdom, from or to any Place out

and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the the Road leading from the West Gate, under Madford, Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haveh: in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Doc acre, to An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp the North Gate, in the same Borough, was com- Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Limit ted. furances, and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or

Mr. Orchard accordingly reported from the said Com- other Deeds: mittee, That the Committee had examined the Allega- An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tional Duties on Paper* Pasteboard, Millboard, and the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Scaleboard, made in, or imported into, Great several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed and on Tea imported into, and fold in Great to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in An Act for granting to His Majesty certain addi-his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the tional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, and for ex-Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the empting from Duty Horses kept for the Purpose of Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Husbandry by Persons holding Farms under a certain Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe- Value:

verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain An-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be nuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Confutation of ingrafted. the eminent Services which he has rendered during hi*

Command on the Coast of Egypt:

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day Smith: of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, cer-

Mr. Speaker, tain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ire-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act land, for granting Duties to His Majesty: to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One An Act to prohibit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the mak-last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An ing of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Com or " Ad to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Grain in Ireland:

" Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth " detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Govern- " An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain " mentwithout any Amendment: And also, " Sorts of Bread

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for for amending and further continuing, until the Twenty- the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine One, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Kingdom called Ireland,in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth March One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Sup- An Act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act pression of the Rebellion which still exists within that of the last Session of Parliament on Flour imported from Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the certain Periods;

fame; without any Amendment. An Act for amending and further continuing, until

And then the Messengers withdrew. the Twenty-fourth Day of Juke One thousand Eight

t hundred and One, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth and Black Rod: Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Mr. Speaker, the Suppreflionof the Rebellion which still exists within

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme- same:

diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. June One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act,

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up made in the last Session of the Parliament of,

to the House of Peers. intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant,

And being returned; " or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to

Air. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire " apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's " suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's Person Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of " and Government:"

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland: to the several Public and Private Bills therein mention- An Act for better enabling the Company of Pro-ed; and also empowering His Royal Highness the prietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to com-Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of plete the fame:

York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal High- from thence to the End of the then next Session of Vol. 56. . Parliament,

Rot Well behtors Pc« tition,

Acermnt of Frod ace of Income Tax, presented.

Appendix

(No. 21.)

Order for referring Tynemouth Inclosure Roads Petition to a Committee, discharged, and Bill ordered.

aao 240 Martii. . 1801.

Parliaftient, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KihgGeorgethe Second, and in the Eleventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of through Collingham, Harewood, and Pool, to

the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Iderby:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of King's Brampton, Upton, and Skilgate, in the County of SomerJ'et: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Sort! erf et;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great Checkhill, and Little Checkhill, within the Manor and Parish of Kittver,otherwise r, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for naturalizing Mark Anthony De Collogny: An Act for naturalizing William Boulnois:

An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clementi.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Rothwell Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress,.and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Parker, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the total Produce of the Tax upon Income for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, as far as the same can be made up and estimated; distin-guishing the Amount in consequence of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of the Allotments of the Lands set out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, Moor, or Trad of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemootherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire,in the County of Northumber-

land, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of February last, and also the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that it is not intended 4

to impose any Toll or Duty for effectuating the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Order, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Corfham, in the County of Wto Bath Easton,

in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts,to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of SomerJ'et.

Ordered, That Mr. Ejlcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road, on Curd-ridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near in

the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village of all in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Walther; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grants of Parliament to the Veterinary College, with the Receipt, the Expenditure, and the Debts, of that Institution, to the 27th of February 1801.

Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ellefmcre Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 33d and 36th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn at in

the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netkerpool,

Corfliam Roads Bill, passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bishopi Waltham and West mean Road Bill*

The Lords

have passed Walther'a Nat. Bill.

Accounts ofe dered.

Board of Agriculture.

Veterinary

College.

Ellesmere #

CanalPetitioB,

reported.

Hank Notes, kc. KiJijpre^ tented.

Bill for better Collection of Poor Rates, presented.

Mr. Waddtl‘» Petition,

41 Geo. III. 24° Martii. 221

Netlierpool, in the County of and for making

several Branches and Collateral Cuts communicating the rewith, were read: And,

Mr. John Fletcher,a Surveyor and Engineer, being examined, said. That Surveys, Levels, and Estimates, have lately been made and taken of the Country, lying between the Whitchurch Branch of the Canal

and the ChesterCanal, and it appears upon such Surveys,

that the most proper and convenient Method of effecting the Communication between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said EllejmereCanal and the said Canal, will be by making an additional Cut or Canal from the Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellejmere Canal, from a- certain Place where the same is intended to pass, at or near certain Water Corn Mills called New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the said Chester Canal, in the Township of Stake, in the Parish of A don, in the said County of Chester, which will promote and facilitate the Intercourse of Trade and Commerce between the several Places in the Neighbourhood of the said Cut or Canal, and will be of great public Utility.

Mr. Henry Potts being all'o examined, said, That the Acts before mentioned require feme further Alterations and Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellejmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chjler Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of Avion, in the County of Chester, and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellejmere Canal: And that Mr. Patten and Mr. Kynaston Powell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the Housej according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Promissory Notes, Bank Poll Bills, and Bills of Exchange: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Tha.tthe said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of Matthew Waddel, of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, Cotton Manufacturer, being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, in the manufacturing of Cotton 'into Mullins, it hath hitherto been nccellary to make use of a Competition called Size, prepared from the fin' ft Wheaten Flour cnly, by which the Consumption of Wheat is very much increased, and its Value proportionably enhanced; and that, in consequence of the Scarcity in the Year 1795, and of the subsequent and present High Price of that great Article of Food, the Petitioner conceived that a Substitute for Flour might be found out in making such Size, to the great Benefit of himlelf, and of ail other the Inhabitants of this King* Voe. 56.

dom; and that, having attentively considered the Advantages to be derived from the Use of such a Substitute, hchath, after repeated and fuccel'sfulTrials, established, in a Cotton ManufaClory at a Substitute for

Wheaten Flour in the making of Size, for the Purpose of fizing and dressing Cotton Webs; and that the Petitioner, on receiving such a Recompence as to the House may fecin equitable, in Consideration of the Benefits already allured to him, and hereafter probably to be derived to the Community, from his Invention, would prefer the Disclosurc of the Secret of preparing this Substitute for Flour, to the obtaining a Patent for it, which would secure all its Emoluments exclusively to himself: And therefore praying the House to take the Subject of his Petition into Consideration, and to make such Order re (peeling it, as by the House may be deemed most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. HuJkiJJ'on, Mr. Burden, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bragge, according to Older, reported from the

Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Lifts, which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the EaJi , and for other Purposes therein mentioned. That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report to the House the Name of every Member, whose Name appeared in Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who shall appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report, by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; William Dirkinson Junior, Esquire, William Me eke, Esquire, John Frere, Esquire, the Lord the

Honourable Charles Marsham, the Honourable John Scott, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, John Henry,

Esquire, Humphrey Sibthorp, Esquire, William -

layne, Esquire, the Honourable George Sir

John Buxton, Baronet, William Esquire, William

Praed, Esquire, Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Hans Shane, Esquire, Sir William Healhcote, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, John Black-burne of Lancajlnre, Esquire, Lord Viscount Morpeth,

Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, William , Esquire,

Sir William Young, Baronet, William Adams, Esquire, t he Honourable Evelyn Pierrepont, ScropeBernard, Esquire, William Mitford, Esquire, Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, William Sturges, Esquire, Henry Bankcs, Esquire, William. Wilberforce, Esquire, the Marquis of Worcester, Richard Eilifon, Esquire, the Lord Huntingfield, the Lord Fincafile, Thomas Babinglon, Esquire, John

Esquire.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the'whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise " on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of " British~nvs.de Spirits from England to Scotland, and for

3 L " granting

Report East. India Judicature.

Committee on

Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Me-kil'es.

24 Mar tit. A. 1801.

granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for alter* " ing, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Diflilleries in Scotland," as allows the Distillation of Spirits from Melasses or Sugar in Scotland at a reduced Rate of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

ra^in°rthe°U" re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cultivation of upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made Potatoe*. in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable " Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pa ft u re, in this " Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Curtuen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mf. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Curwen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Clerk to

puny^pre*0111* ^ie Company of Mercers of the City of London, at-lente'd. tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, ‘ presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1799 to the " 10th of October 1800, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the 21ft: " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the " Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the " Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the " Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and the " other of the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for " the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill for lessen- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ing the lefl'ening the Burthen of Poor Rates, by encouraging the encounfgfngy Growth of Potatoes on Fallows intended for Wheat, the Growth of during the present Scarcity: And that Sir William Pulte-dered°CS'°r" Mr. Riley Addington, Mr. and Mr. Cotes,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Printed Stuff's The Order of the Day being read, for taking into deferred!'11' further Consideration the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens

7

and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Great Britain, from Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Customs n<ldi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, a upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into FurtherCon-further Consideration the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee appointed to con- portonPro-fider of the present High Price of Provisions, and to re- vssions,defer-port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time re ' to Time, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for permitting East India Goods prohibited to East India be worn orufed in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pur- Goods fuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the

was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committ«oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to EXc""ltteJ consider further of the Bill for continuing several Laws Lw Bill, relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Iaftruaion, mittee, That they have Power to amend the Act mentioned in the said Bill, for enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ot'Appren-House, upon the Bill to render valid Indentures of Ap- Je'

prenticeship of Poor Children and others made upon

improper

launceston Hauls Bill, passed.

Nether Bridge Roads Petition, reported.

improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2$° die Martii 5

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21ft

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of cefton, in the County of Cornw; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts, to the Road leading from the West Gate, under , in the Borough of

Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate, in the same Borough, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally palfed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launc^son, in the County of Cornwall; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts, to,the Road leading from the West Gate, under , in

the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by , to the

North Gate, in the same Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Brogden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants respectively, within the County of land,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;rand afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of IVef marl and, by Sizergh Fellfidto Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of to Dixes,

and from the down of Millthrop aforesaid, to Hang Bridge, and thence to join the Heron Turnpike Road,

at the Guide Post, near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid; also another Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, were read: And,

Mr. Daniel Wilson being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have, from Time to Time, borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, a considerable Part whereof still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 3zd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year Vol. 56.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of by

Sizergh Fellfide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Millthrop, to and from the

Town of Millthrop aforesaid, to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post, near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid: And that Mr. James Lowther, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, and Mr. Satterthwaite, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes be added to Member the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring to bring

in, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Road*Biif. °n the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from DoningtonHigh Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the

Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

A Bill for continuing, amending, and making more Birmingham effectual, Four several Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the 18th and committed'. 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmingt and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins Sir William Dolben, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Kynafon Powell presented to the House, according Ellesmere to Order, a Bill to authorize the Company of Proprietors Cai‘al B‘"' of the Ellesmere Canal, to extend the said Canal from preene the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of '

church, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chefer Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the

Parish of Action, in the County of Chefer, and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walther'sNat. for naturalizing Henry Walt her, was read the First Bill, read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, Korth Kyme according to Order, a Bill to alter, amend, and render Drainage Bill, more effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the PrelenteiJ'

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more effectually draining and " preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County " of LincolnAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, Donington according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and R^dsBiii, alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Presenttli-31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale

Drove,

A. 1801.

'll4 ^5° Martii.

West Bromwich Inclosure B 11, rej>orted.

Report on

Surrey and Kent Canal Bill, further contdered.

leven Canal Bill, committed.

Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wig!oft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Lord Granville Levcfott Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclomre, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property, rated to the Land Tax at £.6, is. io d.per Annum, who were neuter; and also, except the Owner of Property, rated at i is. 8 who could not be found; and allb, except the Owner of Property, rated at 7 s.4 d.who was applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Property interfiled, is rated to the Land Tax at ,£.366. 9 id.-,

and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleik's Table; where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qur di m leveraliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made. That the Report, which, upon the 17th Day of this Inltant March, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson'sGun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe,in the County of Surrey, to

the Parish and Town of Epsom,in the said County, and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches, communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door, to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of this House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being leveraliy read a Second Time, were, upon the Question leveraliy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enabling Charlotta Bethel/, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leve, near the Boundary between Este and Leven Carrs, in the Eall Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Laftcedes,&c.: And they are to meet' tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Notice being taken that there were several Inter- Enlfham in lineations in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Vi.hdrawn, closing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paf- andanother tures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and ordered* Grounds, within the Parish of Bed in the County of Cambridge,which Bill was, upon IVedraft Jay lad, read

the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Notice being taken that the Marquis of Worcester, the Right honourable Lord Robert Jet, and the Honourable Henry Fane, were now present in their Places, in the House;

The Orders made upon the 17th Day of this Instant , March, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon Tit if day next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being also taken, that John Ormsby Vandeteure, Esquire, was now present in his Place, in the House;

The Order made upon the 17th Day of this Inltant March, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House, upon the 14th Day of April next, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Orders for Attendance

of certain Members, discharged.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to ^^.[°cr^an whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Roads Bill, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the reported. 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenltam, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great

Coughton and Crabs Crofts, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Crofts of Hands, on a Common called The , and out of

Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromftgrove, in the said County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with 'the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Butchers of the City and Neigh- Petition of bourhood of York, was presented to the House, and York!*" read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing; the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the

O O o

Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto:

And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do make the Report EnftHarling from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, inclo[ule

reported.

allotting,

4i Geo. III.

25" Martii.

225

Dovor and Sandwich Raids Bill, paii'cd.

allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year and Old Inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East , in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Sir Robert Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of the ill Day of December last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the - Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Walderjlmre, and also the Road from the present

Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham Downs, up KerfueyCourt Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, other-

wife Beausfield, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Walder Share, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham Downs, up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Stonesfield Inclosure Bill, presented.

Fordham Inclosure Bill, committed.

Bill for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes, reported.

Lord Francis AlmaricSpmrr presented to the House,according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Fordham, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Curzven, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Waites, and Commons of Failure, in this Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

VOL.56.

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. *

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the several Appeals again!! Decrees, condemning Ships and Goods claimed by Neutrals, pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty of England, and the several Courts of Vice Admiralty, and the final Decrees pronounced in consequence of such Appeals, with the Dates thereof, since the Commencement of the present War, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, ,intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties of " Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-mo.de Spirits from England to Scotland,

" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for " altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of " Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in " land," as allows the' Distillation of Spirits from Me-lalfes or Sugar in Scotland at a reduced Rate of Duty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Three Hundred and Sixteen Pounds per Annum for ever}' Gallon of the Contents of all Stills used in making Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption, in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Place in Scotland, be continued for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which, upon Saturday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on " the Exportation of British-mode Spirits from England to

" Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; " and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain " Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries " in Scotland," as relates to the Duty upon Spirits made in England, and imported into Scotland, and was then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year ending Lady Day 1800, for Ireland, with the Remains on the former Year, has been disposed of, diltioguished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury for Ireland, in one Year, from Day 1799 to Lady

Day 1800, together with the Remains.

3 M Sir

Account respecting Neutral Ships, to be printed*

Report on Distillation ot Spirits in Scotland from Me lades.

1

Instruction.

Accounts respecting Ireland ordered.

Disposition of Grants.

Receipts and Issues of the Treasury.

22 6

Bill for it(Ttn- Sir William Pulteney presented to the House, accord-

Rrtes'liven' 'n§ Order, a Bill for lessening the Burthen of Poor courting the Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes on Fal-Growthof lows intended for Wheat, during the present Scarcity: fatted?*'Pn' And the same was received; and, read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Order* for Notice being taken that Sir Henry Watkin Dashwood, otctrtiiia* Baronet> a°d the Honourable Thomas Onslow, were now Member*,dif- present in their Places, in the House; cfc»rg«<i. The Orders made upon the 17th Day of this Instant March, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon Tuesday next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

1801.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ya*. ^r^TrirW: } ,05'

Teller, for the Noe,. % ET, UW"'\ *»*

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Four of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^rer^de' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-> ply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to lerrcd-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

250 — 26°

Expiring Laws re-committed Bill, reported.

Accounts respecting Ireland, presented.

Disposition of Grants.

Receipts and Issues of the T reaiu ry.

Appendix

(No. 22.)

Motion for Committee on State of the Nation.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obitrufling, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstru<sting Seamen and others from purluing their lawful Occupations, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year ending L Day 1800, for Ireland, with the Remains on the former Year, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads: And also,

N° 1. An Abstra<ft of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury for Ireland, in one Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800; together with the Remains.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Abstract were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Abstract do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account and Abstract be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account and Abstract are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of

the Nation;

The House divided.

3

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovisy 26° die Martii;

Anno 41* Georgii III*1' Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Happifcurgh.

Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack bTii, com-UW Lands, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within mitted. the Parishes of Happifburgh and Lessingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happifburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Fisherton the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the ift, 2d, and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, w<ls committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made' several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed^ to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bull, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition, for thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and ia

Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby,. Deeping, adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and inclosure Bill. Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping lying between the said River Glen and the River W'.Hand, all in the County of Lincoln, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition was lately presented to the House,

for

a 6° Martii.

41 Geo. III.

for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, in* closing, and draining, Deeping , Langtoft, Bast on,

Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, within the

Parts of Kefteven and Hin the said County of Lincoln; and that unless several of the Works of Drainage, and the Powers for carrying them into Execution, be extended to certain Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and Thurl by, adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and to certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the said several Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the said Rivers Glen and Welland, the same will be iaeffedtual; and that, by several Acts heretofore passed, divers Powers for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Spalding, Pinchbeck, Bourn, and and in Deeping Fen aforesaid, have been granted to certain Commissioners of Sewers, and certain other Persons, Owners of the inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen aforesaid, Adventurers or Undertakers for draining Deeping Fen, and to certain Commissioners, commonly called the Black Sluice Commissioners, and also to certain other Commissioners acting under the Powers of an Act for improving Bourn Eau, in the County of Lincoln; and if the Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Adventurers or Undertakers, and the said other Commissioners respectively, were severally authorized to execute certain other Works of Drainage and Preservation, and proper Powers were granted to them for that Purpose, it would materially facilitate the Drainage and Preservation of all the said Lands, Grounds, and Commons: And therefore praying. That Provisions may be made in any Bill to be brought into the House, pursuant to the Prayer of the said former Petition, for effectuating the several Purposes mentioned in this Petition, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Mr. Vyner,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Order forte- The House was moved. That the Petition of the and'aDS* Nobleman, and the humble Petition of the several Per-BaftoB inclo- fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors lure Petition of Estates in Langtoft and in the County of Lin-

i tte^febarg- co^n> which was presented to the House upon the 19th td, and Bill Day of this Instant March; and also the Order for refer-»der*d. ring t^e Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Works referred to in the said Petition are not proposed to be carried on by Tolls or Duties;

Ordered, That the said Order for referring the said

I Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, be dil-

charged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaqt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ellison, Sir Gilbert HeathcoJe, and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

OrdCTfty re- The House was moved. That the Petition of the Hngton and" Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other wet Deeping Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be-uioiftoV^" half of themselves, and other Proprietors of Estates in Committee Tailing ten and West Deeping,in the County of Lincoln,

«d*Biife<^ which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day odered. of this Instant March, and also the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

Vo L.56.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Works referred to in the said Petition are not proposed to be carried on by Tolls or Duties;

Ordered, That the said Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, be difi* charged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellifbn, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do make the Report Peterborough from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing *

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was committed.

Mr. Cartwright accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Poole Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Poole, in the County of Dorset^ in the room of the Honourable Sir Charles Stuart,

Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Stratford and ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George paired. ‘ ‘ the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick,through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester,through Great and Crabs Cross, in the said County o and through Hewell Lane and Bureau, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnel to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester,in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through.

Hewell Lane and Bur colt, to the Cross of Hands, on a

Common

<^00 % le

Staplecross and Horns-cross Roads Bill, committed.

AUlenham Inclosure Bill, committed.

Weltje's Nat. Bill, reported and passed.

Engftrom's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Gram's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Common called The Leekliay, and out of through Church Lane and Tutneto in the said County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewto Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House, in the said Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turn-, pike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence, through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and to the

Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Ahlenham, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John William AnJerfon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Amelia Weltje, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gram, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom Bridgewater the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge tire Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgezvater, in the County of SomerJ, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom North Wot-the Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Petition re-others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the several Ported> Parishes, Chapelries, Villages, or Hamlets, and Places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hisPlace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William White, being examined, said. That there are certain Low Lands and Grounds containing together 23,000 Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and lying in the several Parishes,

Chapelries, Villages, or Hamlets, and Places of Wotton, Pi/ton, West Pennard, Baltonfborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glafion Saint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, AJbcott, Shapwick,

Catcott, Chilton, Edington, CoJJington, Hunts-

pill, East Brent, South Brent, Mark, Ale are,

Burnham, Badgzvortk, Biddifhani,

Pur it on, Pawlet, Wookey, and the Out-Parish of Cuilibert in Wells, all in the County of Somerset, and situate near, and draining into, the River Brae, in the same County: That the said Lands and Grounds, from their low and flat Situation, are very liable to be flooded, and cannot be properly drained, and receive much injury and Damage thereby, which is chiefly occasioned by the Bridge called High Bridge, lying across the said River Brue,the Passage through the same being too final I and insufficient to discharge the Water from the said River into the River Parrett, and so into the Channel, by the circuitous Course of the said River Brue, by the narrowness of the Passages through another Bridge called The New Bridge, over the said River, and by divers other Obstructions and Annoyances in and near the said River. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That if the said several Obstructions and Annoyances w'ere removed, new Outlets for the Water made, and proper and sufficient Cuts, Rhynes, Drains,

Floodgates, and other Works, wrere made for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds,great Benefit would arise to the Owners thereof, and the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes or Chapelries of Wotton,

Smrty 3nc! Kent Canal Bill, passed.

Bill respect. Bag Mills, pvdented.

Accounts

prdenttd.

Consolidated

fund.

IX

Permanent

Taxes.

Apfen nix

(No. 23.)

41 Geo. III.

26° Martiu

129

West Pennard, and several other Parishes and Places The House being informed that Dr. from the State of Ac-therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset: And Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door, he that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare and was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, feum,pretent.

bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River , at or near a Place

called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of

Mary, at Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, to the Parish and Town of Epsom, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was read the Third Time.

pursuant to their Order,

A State of the Account of the British Museum, 1800, and Estimate of Accounts for 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

cd.

Appendix (No. 24.)

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Reading of the Bill for the better Collection of Rates

be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to a certain Place called the Lower Wanderings, in the Parish of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to

made for the Relief of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Bill for better Collection of Poors Rates, committed.

certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and Kent. the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotoully assembled: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

The House being informed that Mr. Bedford, from Reading of the Bill for lessening the Burthen of Poor the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes on Fal-

A Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Promissory Notes, Bank Poll Bills, and Bills of Exchange, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bank Notes, &c.BU1, com* nutted.

lows intended for Wheat, during the present Scarcity, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly-;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

BUI for lessening the Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes, committed.

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarters ending the 5th of July and 10th of October 1800, and the 5th of January 1801: And also.

An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year ended the 5 th Day of Ja-

nuary 1801, and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year; and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it Hood on the 5th of January

1801, subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Expiring ariie from the Decrease in the Charges of Management Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing fe- Law* Bill, of St ock purchased by the Commissioners for the lleduc- veral Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting e tion of the National Debt; distinguishing the Income the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the applicable to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported to the Year 1793; and also the Income derived from into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing the Duties imposed in each subsequent Year, together His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade with the Charge created in each corresponding Year; to the Cape of Good Hope', and for making perpetual an and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from puvluing their lawful Occupations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving and continuing, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One,

so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, conti-last of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient nuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the for the Use of the Members of the House. next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act, made

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present to this Volume. Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to

Vol. 56. 3 N be

such Charge was created in each of the said Years: And also.

An . Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain existing before the Year 1793, and also of the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year, taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon the 5th Day of January 1800, and the 5th Day of ]January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Two

Bill for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes, deferred.

Committee on Bill respecting Indentures of A p prentice-/hip.

Committee on Kail India Goods Bill.

Scotch Spirits Bi 11, predated.

230 26° — -27° Martii. A. 1801.

be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; for reviving and continuing, until the Fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the same of Good; and for reviving, and

making perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences, in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Butchers of the Town and Neigh- Petition of bourhood of Knaresbrough, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and brou^h. read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King fames the First, as prohibits the Use of Horl'e Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or such Alterations and Amendments made therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present' Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the

better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, " of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Commbn Field Lands, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprentice-ship of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 70 die Martii \

Anno 410 Georgii III"1 Regis, i8qj.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, inclosing, drain- iiickiingTn-ing, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh p^j‘r^ngi. Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within committed.* the Parish of Hick/ing, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Act ley, Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of t!:e Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- End Harlinjr closing the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open lnlr,‘jfure Bill, and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, pa e ‘ Commons, and Waft: Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling,in the County of Norfolk, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. AJiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bai/lie presented to the House, according to c e-rvbw and Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term anti Powers of Two Lauder Road* Acts, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Cdl 'prekut' Majesty, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Corn-hill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to and from Coldstream, by Swinton Mill,to Mount Pleas ant,

in the said County of Berwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bj.ll be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an additional Duty on Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, for a further Time to be limited, the DistiJlation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term, and alter Bridgewater and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the R°^s 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Worle Inclosure Bill, com-nutted.

East Haltort Inclosure Bill, committed.

Stanground Inclosure, See. Bill,prefen ted.

Macclesfield Heads Bill, reported.

Hifby and Fornham In-dofure Bill, presented.

4J Geo. IIL Martii. 331

Resolved, That the Bill do pass r And that the Title Mr. Shaw reported from the Committee, to Revelry's F.f-

be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An from thence to the End of the then next Session of Act for vesting the Timber and other Trees on the paired/ Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, Estates in the County of Northumberland, devised by the of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Will of Henry , Esquire, in Trustees, for certain

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, sent Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit-relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town. tee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in Lords, and desire their Concurrence. at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Refched, That the Bill do pals.

Moors,. Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being Ordered, That Mr. Lefevre do carry the Bill to

within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath of Somerset, was read a Second Time. agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson. Sir Robert Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter FIfhertoA

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's and amend the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Srj/s* Chamber. ift, id, and 20th Years of the Reign of His present ‘ ' p* e ‘

Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widen-A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Open Common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, and other Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish Hedge, in IVKnoyle, and several other Roads therein of East Haiton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a mentioned, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Second Time. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title yifon, Mr. Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet this be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and amend

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the First, Second,

Chamber. and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widen- Mr. Simon Yorke presented to the House, according ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and Ftfherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Hedge, in West Knoyle, and several other Roads ^herein Commons, and Wades within the Parish of Stanground mentioned, in the County of Wilts,

with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cam- Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill

bridge, and in the Isle of Ely; And the same was re- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, ccived; and read the FitftTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Hrrtingford-

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bu7p«scut^ Mr. Crezvereported from the Committee, to whom the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ed. '

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, County of Hertford: And the same was received; and

and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- read the First Time.

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Ref, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Crols at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of

Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County Lord Viscount reported from the Com- Heminpford

of Derby, and for making and keeping in Repair certain mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and reported6 Branches of Road to communicate with the said Mac- inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, tlesfield Road, was committed; That the Committee Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Abbotts, in the County of , was committed;

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- That the Committee had examined, and found that unto, which they had directed him to report to the the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 8j. 6 per

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except ingrossed. the Owners of Estates ali'effect at £. 9. 4;. i{d. who were neuter; and also except the Owners of Estates Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, assessed at £.7. 16s. 4 who could not be met with; according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and and that the whole Property belonging to Persons in-inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas, terested in the Inclosure is alleffed to the Land Tax and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, at £.2668r. 7 per; and that no Person ap-and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill);

Rifby and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

And the same was received; and read the First and made several Amendments thereunto, which they Time. had diredle^ him to report to the House; and he read

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the . Vol. 56. IMS

Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Order* for The House being informed that Mr. Stuart ^celtain" desired Leave of Abl'ence, on account of the Death of Members, dif- a near Relation; and that Mr. was Abroad;

charged. The Orders made upon the 17th Day of this Instant

March, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon Tuesday next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

old Hurst in- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Com-coranut . monS) Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hufjl, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Lord Frederick Montagu, See.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

stony Strat- Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to &<?dPetition wh°m the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names reported. ' are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees in whom certain Charity Estates are now veiled, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways and the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that no Notices had been given of the Application for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for repairing the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near the said Town of Stony Stratford, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament in the present Session until the Month of November last, when a Complaint was made by the Postmaster General of the bad State of the Road through the said Town, and Information given, that an Indictment would be presented, if the same was not immediately repaired; but the Committee found that the Expences of 1'uch Repairs and Improvements are proposed to be defrayed by the Sale of certain Estates belonging to the Petitioners, the Annual Rents of which are now applicable for those Purposes; and that it is not proposed to lay any Toll, or to raile any Money by Rates or Assessments upon the Inhabitants of the said Town, or to take down any Houses or Buildings, or entrench upon any private Property, for effecting the Improvements before-mentioned; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Allen being examined, said. That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, are not properly paved, cleansed, watered, or lighted, and are subject to various Incroachments, Obllrudions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that the Bridge over the River Ouse is very much out of Repair, and otherwise unsafe and incommodious: That the public Highway leading from London to West Chester, passing through the principal Street of the said Town, is become so very much out ot Repair, as to make travelling dangerous, and impede the public Conveyance, in consequence whereof many Persons accustomed to travel through, or resort to, the said Town, have lately omitted

so to do, to the £reat Injury of the Inhabitants j and that His Majesty's Postmaster General had directed an Application to be made to the Clerk of the Trustees for the Reparation of such Road, and Hating, that if the same was not immediately done, their Lord ships Would cause the same to be indicted.- — And the Witness added. That the Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes are grievously heavy, amounting, upon a fair Average of the last Seven Years, to Twelve Shillings in the Pound upon the Annual Rents of all Property rateable thereto; and that during the last Year, in the Parish of Giles, to the Sum of Thirteen Shillings in the Pound, and in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, to the Sum of Fifteen Shillings in the Pound upon such Rents: That there is great Reason to believe, from the advanced Price of all the Necefiaries of Life, that such Assessments will be much increased during the present Year; in consequence whereof, and of the other public and Parochial Taxes already payable by the Inhabitants of the said Town* the necessary Funds for putting the said Bridge, Streets, Lanes, and ocher public Pallages, into a State of proper Repair, cannot be raised by a Contribution from them, without occasioning very great Distress, or total Ruin, to a great Number of Families. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That divers Messuages, Lands, and Real Estates, have, at different Times, been given to Trustees, and are now vested in the Petitioners, for the Purpose of maintaining and repairing the said Bridge, Streets, and other public Past l'ages and Places; and that the Annual Rents and Profits of the said Trull Estates are by no means sufficient to answer the Purposes aforesaid; but that if the same were fold, and the Monies arising from such Sale applied to defray the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, and of repairing the said Bridge, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all other Persons referring thereto.

Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the Table.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fielfts, Meadows, Pallures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ba/sham, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder-written, being respectively Butchers, Graziers, and Tanners, resident in and about the Town and Neighbourhood of Ely,in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein as to the House may seem just and right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed' in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Road

B:iWiam Tn-clonre Bill, presented.

Petition of Ely Butchers.

P-1-‘Thorough

Roads bill, p.iiied.

West Bromwich Incloi'ure Bill, puffed.

Wreftli rig-worth Inclo-Jfure Bill, reported.

Wilts and Berks Canal Bill, reported, and re-committed*

41 Geo. III. 27° Martii. 233

Road from the City of Peterborough through and

Yhrapston, to Wellingboroughin the County of

ampton, and for repairing and ,widening fevera] other Roads, near or adjoining thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Qundle and Yhrapfton, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Pari (h of West Bronnvich, in the County of Stafford, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Gower do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. OJborn do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Linds and Grounds, within the Parish of worth, in the County of Bedford, was committed.

Mr. Osborn accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosufe, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ,- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Drndas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Bei^ks Canal Navigation to raise Money for completing the said'Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Legh Reck presented to the House, according to Rugby Road Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Prefeftl* the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the County of Leicef: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, 'Hiat the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury; Without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley,in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of; without, any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places, and Wastes, within the Manor and Township of Little Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord* have agreed

tQ

fcUntferbury Market BilL

Whixley In-ciofure Bill.

Little Ufeburrt lndofure Bill.

Staveley Tn-closure fiilL

Ordered, That there be kid before this House, an Account of Account of the Exports and Imports of Ireland, for the Year ending the 25th of March 1800. ordered!

The House being informed that Mr. Wether all, Presented. Assistant Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled* " Exports of Ireland, for the " Year ending 25th March 1800:" And also,

A Book, intituled, " Imports of Ireland, for the " Year ending 25th March 1800."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Complaint being made to the House, of a De- Complaint of lay in the Execution of the Writ ordered to be issued on the 13th Day of this Inllant Mfor the elect- Caliington ing of a Burgel's, to serve in this present Parliament Writ* for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall;

And the House being informed. That the Returning Officer for the said Borough had not received a Precept from the Sheriff* of the said County on Wednesday last, the 25th Inllant, for the proceed- . ing to such Election)

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee into the Causes of the said Delay; and that they do "nq^ire^to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the the Cai»fe»of House: > the Delay.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Long, Sir William Pulteney, Mr.

3 O Secretary

.2 j° Martii.

jl. 18 o i

Committee on Precedents to iTt notwithstanding Adjournment.

Secretary at War, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Hdwkins Broivne, Mr. Bajiard, Mr. Orchard ', Mr. Mr. Charles

Dundas, Mr. Michael Angelo Sir Robert

Sir William Grant, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Mr.

Sargent, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Baker: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-l'ons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Sele<ft Committee, appointed to

" of Pasture, in this Kingdom,'* and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common t icld Lands.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Col led. ion of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of th* Town and Parish of Wilton, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having i'cen an Account of a Pc-

Order read for Committee on hill for better Collection of Poor Pates.

Petition from Wilton re-Jjrccting the Poor Kaie§.

examine the Journals of this House, and Records of Par- tition from the Town of n t he County of

Accounts respecting the Ordnance Department, presented.

liament, for Precedents, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House, and to report the same to the House, have Leave to fit, notwith-standingany Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution

Appendix

(N° 15.)

Bill for en- , couraging the Cultivation of Potatoes, passed.

Cumberland, letting forth the Hard ships fullered by the repeated Suspension of the Poors Rate, in consequence of its having been quashed by Order of Sessions, beg Leave to state to the House, that they labour under similar Hardships from the like Cause, their Poors Rate having been repeatedly quashed, on account of Inequality, chiefly arising from the Difficulty of rating Personal Property, in respect of ascertaining its Amount, has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Sa- and the relative Proportion at which it should be af-laries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Office of Ord- felled; and that the Number of Inhabitants in the nance in the Year 1800: And also. Town and Parish of amounts to 2,144, of whom

An Account of the Expence of the Artillery'', and 64b at this Time receive Parochial Relief, and many other Corps in the Ordnance Department, in the Years others are incapable of paying the Poors Rate, the Bur-1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796; dist each Year, then of which reds on about no Persons; and that, 'and Hone and Foot: And also, during this Suspension of collecting the Rate, the Poor

An Account of the Expence of the Artillery, and mull have been dcflitute of Affiltance had not the Pe-pther Corps in the Ordnance Department, in the Years titioners advanced Sums of Money, from Time to Time, 1779, 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year, and several Tradelinen supplied the Workhouse, on

' Credit, with such Articles as were necessary for the Sup-

port of 180 Persons therein contained, which said Monies advanced, and Debts contracted, amount, together, to the Sum of 1,971. for the Recovery of which the Petitioners are at present without Remedy, and daily-liable to a Demand for the Debts contracted, until by Corps in the Ordnance Department, in the" if ears 1779, ionic future Rate they are reimbursed; and therefore, the 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year, and Petitioners humbly and earnestly concur in the Prayer Horse and Foot. of the Petition above referred to, and also beg Leave to

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. express their Hope, and trust in the Wifdom of the

Ordered, That the said Accounts do fie upon the House, that as great Doubts and Difficulties have anlen Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. concerning the Intent and Meaning of the Statute of

43d of more especially as to the rating

and Horse and Foot: And also,

An Account of the Number of Artillery', and other Corps in the Ordnance Department, in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing each Year, and Horse and Foot: And also,

An Account of the Number of Artillery, and other

The Four last of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the First is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His pre-. sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common " Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in " this Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for protecting Persons having separate Sheep Walks.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to extend, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation " of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons

the

Personal Property, that it will be more clearly explained.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- committee«} mittee. tlU-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Sheffield presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1800.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year

Lands,

Account of Board of Agriculture prel'entied.

Appendix

(N°25.)

King's Con-fen t to Cref-jfinrhatn inclosure Bill.

N

4i Geo. III.

270 Martiu

235

Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Cref in the County of Norfolk, and certain open and inclosed Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Failures, lying in the said Parish,- and in the Parish of Little Crefingham, in the said County, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that tire House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Bill paired. Resolved, That theliill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great in the County of Norfolk, and certain open and inclosed Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pallures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Jir.gham, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

l

Hoiifeitfolve* Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Momky1110 ^ou*c this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Further Con- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-

fidcation of ther Confide ration the Report which, upon Friday last,. pon'oaP'o- Was made from the Committee appointed to consider Villons, de- of the present High Price of Provisions, and to report

fccredw the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, appointing a That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the contideroftlw Causes of the Breach of the Convention of El; Convention And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

of El Anfh. A Motion was made, and the Question being put, eg' That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning

next;

It palfed in the Negative.

.Then the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the causesot the Breach of the Convention of El Arish;

It passed in the Negative.

Addr»fs for Refhived. That an humble Address be presented to SmgSir His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Sidney Smith. Directions, that there belaid before this House, a Copy of any full Powers which may have been given to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, for the Purpose of negotiating and concluding a Treaty with the Ottoman Porte, or with any Power whatever; and also, A Copy of any Instructions which may have been given by His Majesty to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, for the of regulating his Conduct in any Negotiation in which he might be engaged, in virtue of such Powers; and also, A Copy of any Proclamation issued by Sir Smith during, or sub-

sequent to, the Siege of Acre; and also, A Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Lord Keith, dated the 15th December 1799; and also, A Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Lord Keith, dated the 28th of March 1800.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Moll honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 56.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the several public Boards in Ireland: And also.

An Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of several permanent public Services in Ireland: And also,

An Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the public Hospitals and Schools in Ireland: And also,

An Account of the Sums necessary Tor the Remuneration of several public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1801.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotoully assembled, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lessening the Burthen of Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes on Fallows intended for Wheat, during the present Scarcity;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Johnfone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Johnfone reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Johnfone accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into fyrther Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps,

upon

Accounts respecting Ireland,

presented: Public Boards,

Public Services.

Public Hospitals.

Public Of* ficers.

Append:*

(N- 26.) (

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply do* ferred.

Bill respecting Mills, committed.

Committee on Bill for lessen* ing the Poor Rates by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes i

reported*

Billrespecting Indentures of Apprentice-Imp, reported.

East India Goocj? Billy feponed*

Scotch Spirits Bin t com-

t.iUe-L

Anindcl Ma-jior Bill, reported, and pailed*

236 270 — 30° Martiu A. i8oin

upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, was committed.

Mr. Abbot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

OYdered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be mgrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehous'ed, in pursuance of

an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, was committed.

Mr. Abbot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingro/red.'

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for granting an additional Duty on Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, for a further Time to he limited, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melaftes or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 30° die Martii;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, *8oi. Prayers.

MR. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by "an Act, palledin the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisenient " of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcelof the Manor "of Arundel;and other Manors entailed by, the Act ofi " Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for " the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act," in

order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Macd^Md enlarge the Powers, of Two Act % , passed in the 32d B*11'

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the R Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chefiei-, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for making, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Ckefter, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for making and keeping in Repair certain

Branches of R.-au to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Act'tey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- presented. ' mons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of,

Litigwood, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Act ley presented to the House, according to Order, Biofield, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open *

Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofieldand Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, and of the Gentlemen, Hythe, against Farmers, and others, of the adjoining Neighbourhood, I>°vw and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to g^6 Ro*"* the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1764, an Act was made for explaining an Act therein mentioned, and for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe, in the said County; and that by a Clause therein, the Trustees are empowered to erfift Turnpike Gates between the Town of Dover and the Town of Folkstone only; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of the said Acts, wherein it is proposed not only to omit the before-mentioned restraining Clause, but to insert therein a Clause for erecting a Gate between Hythe and Seabrook, which is a Distance of a Mile and a Half from Hythe, as good almost as any Road in the Kingdom, and leads on the North to a very exrenfive Country, almost equal in Traffic to the Road which leads on to

Dover,

4i Geo. III.

Dover, and many of the Petitioners residing to the North of such Road, as well as the Inhabitants of (where near One hundred Houses have been built in the last Thirty Years) conceive it will be a great Hardship upon them to pay a Toll for travelling so short a Distance on so good a Road, especially as Five Miles of the Road between Dover and Foil]?one, upon which almost the Whole of the Debt has been incurred, is free from any Gate whatever; and that the present Tolls, and the proposed Increase thereof, would, with proper Management, be fully equal to keep the Road in Question in very complete Repair; and that the Road from to

Hythe is now' very good, and requires no other Repair than what the Parishes in which the same lies will give it; and it would be a manifdl Injury and Hardship to those Places, and to the Inhabitants of the lurrounding Country, if the Clause propolcd should (land Part of the intended Bill, or if any Gate should be erected between Sandgate and Hythe :And therefore praying the House, not to permit the Clause for erecting a Gate between Seabrook and Hythe, to (land Part of the proposed Bill, but to increase the Tolls, as before mentioned, upon the present Gate, and to continue the Clause in the existing Act, for restraining the Erection of Gates, to the Road between Dover and Folkjione, or at lead between Dover and Sandgate;or that the House will confine the Powers of the Act to the latter Distance, and leave the Three Miles from thence to Hythe, out of the proposed Bill, and let them be repaired, as they have hitherto been done, by the Parishes in which they lie; and that the House will give such further and other Relief to the Petitioners as shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill, as affedt their Rights and Interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conficlcration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Tw'O Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and ArchciiJ Fort, in Dover, through Folkjione, to the Town of Hythe, in the County of Kent, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Cockcrmouth Mr. James Lowtherreported from the Committee, to ton Road Pe w^om the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names tition,report- are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Car/ijle,in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Steele being examined, said, That great Vol. 56.

237

Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Road, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid: And that Mr. James Lowther, Sir William Lowther, and Mr.

Spencer Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James Lowther pre(ented to the House, according Nether to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging Bridge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the 1 ,i,re ente Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of to

and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augujhts William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported Birmingham from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the porteU. ' Parish of Birmingham, and of the other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting into Execution Two several Acts, the one passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open, and widening, certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and the other, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to amend and explain the said former Act, and for widening certain other Streets and Places, for establishing a Nightly Watch, and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Smith being examined, said, That the Commissioners, in carrying into Execution the Powers in the said Acts contained, have found that the same are in many Respects defective, and insufficient for the ne-cetfary Regulations of the said Town. — And the Witness being further examined, laid, That it would tend greatly to the Advantage and Ornament of the said Town, and' to the safe passing and re-passing of the Inhabitants, and the Public at large, if several Buildings (landing in and about the Market Place, and in different Streets and Places in the said Town, were removed, and if certain Ways, Places, and Passages, in the said Town, were laid open and widened; and if further Power was given to regulate the laying out andpaving of all Si reets which shall be hereafter laid out, or extended, in the said Town, fer

3 P ascertaining

30 " Ma

30° Ma

A. 1801.

Belchford In* elolure Bill, reported.

Sotby Inclosure Bill, reported.

Report on Stony Stratford Raids, Sec. Petition, read, and Leave granted for Notices.

ascertaining the Boundaries thereof, for regulating the Manner of felling Coals, Potatoes, and Meat, and for regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairmen, and the Drivers of all Carriages within the said Town. — And the Witness added, That the Powers given, and the Regulations made by the said Acts for the Establishment of a Nightly Watch in the said Town, have proved infus-ficient, and cannot be rendered effectual, without an Increase of the Rate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 9th and 13th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of , and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes: And _ that Sir George Augustus William Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, improving,

and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Paf-tures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Pa nth of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found -that ‘the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pattures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sot by, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees in whom certain Charity Estates are now veiled, for the Purpose of

repairing the Highways and the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Quarter

Sessions to be holden for the County of Buckingham, and Three Times in some one Newspaper published in the said County, in the Month of April next, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison for the County of

Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of the City o And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Borough Gaol of Liverpool: And also,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in the Gaol of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. William Eliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two A its, passed in the ill and 10th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of Taphottfe Lane to the Borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row

Hmfe, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of StonesfielJ,in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Francis

AlmaricSpencer, Mr. John Fane,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadiers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general, by increasing the Quantity of good and useful Leather, by aiding the Revenue of the Kingdom with the increased Duties on a large Proportion of Sheep Skins which would otherwise be converted into Glue, and supplying the Poor with additional Food.by Reason of the Hides and Skins being short-thanked, as by such Act is provided; and that the Leather adapted

for

Kentifmoore Inclosure Bill* presented.

Worcester, Liverpool, and Hull Debtor* IV tition.

Liflceard Roads Bill, presented.

Stonesfield Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition of Tanners, See, of Liverpool*

Walther's Nat. Bill, committed.

Petition of Land Owners, against Matti-flull Inclosure Pill.

Ewell Tr.clo sure Bill, presented.

Petition of Butchers of Stockton.

for the Purpose of making Boots, Shoes, and for all other Purposes, is now, and will continue to be, considerably better than before the passing of such Act, from the Circurn fiance of its being more free from Galhes, Flaws, &c. which mult ultimately tend to reduce the Price of every Article made of Leather; and that the Act now in Force is, in every Respect, of the utmost Benefit and Advantage not only to the Community at large, but to the Revenue, and which they are ever ready to verify in such Manner as the House may think proper: And therefore praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing HenryIVah her, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Manors, Lands, and Grounds, within, or extending into, the Parish of Biatlijha/l,in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the Houic, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, aborting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk; and Setting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, wiil be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them respectively, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against; the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir ''Join Frederick presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Eoodl,in the County of Surrey: Ana tut iaine was received; and read the FirllTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tim$.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, being Butchers resident in the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockton, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in thq 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying. That the House will take the said Act, or such Parts thereof as may appear injurious to their Trade and Interests, into early Confederation, and that the same may be repealed or altered, or that the Petitioners may receive such other Relief, as shall seem just and reasonable.

Vox.. 56.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Mr. Mainzuaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts " of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to " Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in

" the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, " and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respectiveTrustees of the Turnpike " Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, " and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a " new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington " to the Edgware Road near Paddington, lb far as the " same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care " and Management of the Trustees of the said firstmentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the " said new Road, near Queen s Row, to Bagnigge " and for watching, fighting, and watering, the said " Road," was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Jeffreys Pratt Earl Camden, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrolled.

Lord Viscount Slopford reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pieased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of London, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings a Barrel, " exclusive of the Duties of Excite, and not exceeding " Eleven Shillings a Barrel, exclusive of such Duties;" and also, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering the Provisions of the above Act, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer, brewed by Common Brewers, were read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Tomkins, Malt Factor, being examined, he was alked, What has been the Advance in the Price of Malt since the passing of the Act of the 33d of the King ? he laid, That the Average Price from Mid-summer 1792 to Midsummer 1797, was £.46. 9J. per Quarter, from Midsummer 1797 to March ill 1801, was £.63. js. per Quarter, making the Average for Nine Years/. 54. 3*. per Quarter. And being alked. How much that Average exceeded the Average for the Nine Years preceding ? he said, 16 s. /^Quarter: — Then,

Highgate and Hampstead Roads Bill, reported#

Answer to Address.

Petition of tht Brewers of Table Beer, reported.

.Accou nfs rt/pelting Ireland, ordered.

Port and Inland Kevenue.

Raw Sugar.

30° Martii. 'A. i8or.

Mr. Thomas Dawson, Hop Merchant, being examined, he was alked, What has been the Advance in the Price of "Hops since the Act of the 33d of His Majesty ? he {kid, That the Average Price for Eight Years, up to 1 £00, was £. 8. 8 r. 8 d. per Cwt. And being alked. How much that Average exceeded the Average of the preceding Nine Years? he said £.5. lor. per Cwt.: — Then,

Air. John Bovill, Corn Factor, being examined, he was alked, What has been the Average Price of Oats for these last Nine Years ? he said, 29 per Quarter. And being alked, What was the Average of the preceding Nine Years? he said, 20 s.per Quarter: — Then,

Mr. Wiliam Jones, Coal Merchant, being examined, he was alked, What has been the Average Price of Coals for theie last Nine Years ? he said. For the last Eight Years it has been £.2. 17 s.per Chaldron in the Pool, independent of subsequent Charges. And being alked, What was the Average of the preceding Nine Years ? he t'aid, jT. 1. 135. 1 d.per Chaldron in the Pool: — Then,

Mr. Thomas Naish, Clerk of the Whitechapel Market, being examined, he was alked, What has been the Average Price of Hay, Straw, and Clover for the last Eight Years? he said, The Average of Hay was J.jf. 8s. 4 id.Straw £. 1. 11 "]\d. and Clover £.$.4-r. 7 id.per Load. And being alked, What was rlie Average for the Eight preceding Years ? he said, Hay £.2. 19 s.6 d.Straw 1. 35. and Clover

£. 3. 7 s.6 d. per Load: — Then,

Mr. Thomas Goding, Cooper, being examined, lie was alked, What has been the Advance in the Price of Calks within the last Eight Years? he said. From 14L 6 d.to 10s. on Barrels, from 9 6 to 13 6

on Half Barrels, from I2r. 6d. to 17 6 on Half

Hogsheads, and from $s. 6 to 8x. 6 on Quarter Barrels or Firkins. And being alked. From what Causes he apprehended this Advance had principally arilen ? he said. Partly from the additional Duties on Staves which have been laid on during that Period, and the Advance in their Price, and partly from the Advance of Iron and Price of Labour: — Then,

Mr. Jcfeih Kirkman, Brewer, being examined, he was alked, Whether the Brewers are not constantly subject to the Loss of Calks, and in the Habits of buying others to supply that Loss, as well as by the Wear and Tear of them ? he laid, They are. And being alked, Whether there has been any Advance on Labour, and in what Proportion, within thel'e last Nine Years ? he said. There has, to the Amount of about 20 per Cent, on all Perse.ns employed in conducting of the Brewery. And being alked, Whether 13 s. per Barrel, being the Price now limited by Law, exclusive of the Duty, would reimburse the Brewer the Prime Cost of his Articles and Exp ences ? he said, It will not. And being alked. Whether 175. per Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, would answer the Purpose of the Brewer at the present Prices ? he said, It will not; that if the present Prices of Articles were to continue, the Brewer would Hill be a considerable lofcr by his Trade felling at 17 s. And being alked, Whether he had Reason to believe that his Cuf-tomers arc dclirous to have Beer of a better Quality, paying for it a higher Price ? he said, lie had, for his Customers generally have requested to be supplied with good Table Beer, for which they are willing to pay a higher Price.

Ordered, That the said Report clo lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Gross and Net Produce of the Port and Inland Revenue of Ireland, exclusive of the Duties collected on Malt, Home-made Spirits, and on imported Spirits, for One Year, to the 25th March jSoo.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into

Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an KefinedSugar. Account of the Quantity of refined Sugar imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coal*. Account of the Number of Tons of Coals imported into Ireland, in the Year ended the 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Tea. Account of the Number of Pounds of Tea imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1S00, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Houre, an Pepper. Account of the Number of Pounds of Pepper imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Notice being taken that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Orders for Grosvenor, Mr. William Joseph Denison, Mr. Morten Pitt, Sir

John Sinclair, and Sir Richard King, were now present in bers, dif-their Places, in the House; and the House being in- charged* formed, that Mr. Richardson delired Leave of Absence, on Account of Illness;

The Orders made upon the 17th Day of this Instant March, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House Tomorrow, were, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being also taken that Mr. Tottenham, and Mr.

Dillon MaJJey,were now present in their Places, in the

House;

The Orders made upon the 17th Day of this Instant March, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House, upon the 14th Day of April next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lonls

P have agreed to

cpys: 0

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sudbury and for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual, Edmund"' Two Acts, made in the Second and Eleventh Years of Koadiiiii. the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Rid ling don Bridge, in Sudbury,in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; and all'o for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood* to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor, Gentleman, with xay'or'sDi-CatherineBirchall Taylor, his now Wife, and to enable vorce Bill, him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill read. Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That the ingossed Bill for King'* Con-dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Common- cloture Bill, able Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of worth,in the County of Bedford, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord HawkeJbury (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

4i Geo. III.

3 o° Martii.

241

Accounts pre-tented;

Grain and Rice.

Sugar and Rum.

BUI paired. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be. An Act; for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields* Meadows, Pastures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrcftlingworth,in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Alfiltant

Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Grain and ltice imported into the several Ports of England and Scotland respectively, between 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where imported: And also,

D®. An Account of all Grain and Rice exported from the several Ports of England and Scotland respectively, between 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Countries into which, and the Ports whence, exported: And all'o.

An Account of the Quantity of Britislt Plantation Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported from, Great Britain,between the 5th Day of January 17 and the 5th Day of January 1800; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon: And all'o,

An Account of the Quantity of Plantation

Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported trom. Great Britain, between the 5th Day of January 1800 and the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits distilled in Ireland, in the Year ended the 25th March 1800, with the Gross Produce of Revenue thereon.

The House being informed, that Mr. Wet her all, Assistant Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing the Gross and Net Produce of the Port and Inland Revenue of Ireland, for the Year ended 25th March i8co, exclusive of the Duties on Malt, Home-made Spirits, and on Spirits imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar, imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with thcGrofsand NetProduce of Revenue thereon: And also. An Account of the Quantity of Refined Sugar imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon: And also,

An Account of the Number of Tons of Coals imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon s And also,

An Account of the Number of Pounds of Tea imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon; And also,

fcpper. An Account of the Number of Pounds of Pepper

imported into Ireland,in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon: And also,

Vo L. 56.

Spirits.

Accounts respecting Ireland, presented:

Port and Inland Revenue.

Raw Sugar. RefinedSugar.

Coals.

Tea.

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits Spirit*, distilled in Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March.

1800, with the Gross Produce of Revenue thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix this Volume. (No. 27.)

The House Was moved, That an t, made in the Exemption of 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- £e7iorfe°m tuled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Duty, to be " Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and contiJered.

" for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu " thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Expediency of exempting Curates, under certain Circum-iiances, from the Duty imposed by the said Act, upon Persons keeping One Horle.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were Report fram appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Delay in complaUit °n the Execution of the Writ ordered to be issued on the respeaingCal-13th Day of this Instant March, for the electing of a bngton Writ, liurgels, to serve in ti is prefect Parliament, i r he Borough of Caitiugtcn,in the County of Cornwall, and to

report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

That the Committee had examined into the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his '

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Your Committee have examined into the Matter to them referred, as follows:

Mr. Thomas Rafdeigh, Deputy Clerk of the Crown, called in, lays.

That the Speaker's Warrant for Callington, came to the Crown OJice on the 13th Instant, between Five and Six o'Clock in the Afternoon; and that within about Five Minutes afterwards the Writ of Election was prepared, and delivered to Mr. Barber, Deputy to Mr. Stainforth, Messenger to the Great Seal. The Crown Office always make an Entry of the Delivery of the Writ.

Mr. John Barber, Deputy to Mr. Stainforth, called in:

When did you receive the Writ for the Borough of

Callington? ----- --- On the 13th of this Month, about a

Quarter before Six o'Clock: in the Afternoon. I took it to the Lord Chancellor's, and it was sealed at Half an Hour pall Six o'Clock, and I delivered it to the Son of Mr. Ryder, of Lincoln sInn, an eminent Solicitor, at Half an Hour pall Seven o'Clock; and I took his Receipt for the fame.

Receipt produced to the Committee* and read, as

follows:

" 13th March 1801 — Received of George Stainforth,

" Esquire, a Writ for a New Election of One Burgels,

" for the Borough of Callington, in the County of " wall,which I promise to deliver to the Sheriff of the said County, or his Under Sheriff, with all convenient " Speed, and to procure the Receipt of the Sheriff, or " Under Sheriff, for the fame. As witness my Hand,

‘ " W. Ryder."

Mr. William Ryder called in, fays. That the Signature to the above Receipt is of his Hand Writing: That he received the Writ between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Evening of the 13th Instant, and immediately went to Mr. Clevland's, in SavilleRoza, but he not

3 Q being

2A2 3 °° Marth. A. 1801.

being at Home, Mr. Ryder went to Wimp Street, to Mrs. Willett's, where he saw Mr. Clevland, and delivered the Writ to him, taking his Receipt for it.

Receipt produced to the Committee, and read as fpllows:

"13th March 1801 — Received of Mr. William a

" Writ for a New Election of One Burgess, for the " Borough of Callington,which I promise to deliver to " the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, as soon as conveniently can be, and to return the Sheriff's Receipt " for the lame. " ."

John Clevland, Esquire, a Member present, informed the Committee, That the above was the Receipt signed by him on the 13th Instant, in the Evening. On Monday the 16th, he put the Writ up himself in a Parcel, and directed it to Mr. Heale, at Exeter, dated the 16th, Carriage paid: That he had previously written by that Day's Post to Mr. Heale, to get it from the Mail, and to forward it immediately to Mr. Mallet, who is appointed by the Court of Chancery, Receiver of Lord Clinton's Estate, and who relides at Toning!on: That he had also written to Mr. Mallet, (which Letter was inclosed in the same Parcel with the Writ) to carry it himself to the High Sheriff of Cornwall; but, if he was not able to go himself, as being ill of the Gout, to fend his Nephew, John Mallet,with the Writ to the High Sheriff', or his

Deputy, and to wait till he had made out the Precept, and to carry it to the Returning Officer of Callington: That having so made up the Parcel, lie delivered it to John Cure, his Servant, with Directions to carry it to the Exeter Mail Coach Office, (the Coffee House)

with Orders to take a Receipt, and fee it booked: That on the Sen'ant's Return, he produced a Receipt in the following Words

" Mr. Heale,

" St. David's Hill,

' " Car. Paid, " Exeter.

" 16th March 1801, "

Exeter Mail."

That he (Mr. Clevland) growing uneasy at not hearing of the Receipt of the Writ, he wrote to the aforesaid Mr. Heale, on Thursdaythe 19th, to enquire into the Causes of the Delay: That on the 21st he received a Letter from Mr. Heale,dated Exeter, March 19th, in the following Words:

" HonJ Sir,

" I was favoured with your's on Wednesday Morning " 17th Instant. I immediately made Enquiries for the " Parcel, but none was come by the Mail, or any Coach, " neither was there any Thing by last Night's Mail; but, " if any Thing arrives, I will forward it immediately, accordingly to your llequest."

That on the 24th, he (Mr. Clevland) received another Letter from Mr. Heale, dated Exon, 22d March, in the following Words:

" Hon4 Sir,

" In Answer to your Letter of the 20th Instant, I " have to inform you, I answered your Letter of the " 16th Instant, by Friday's Post, which you ought to " have Saturday; wherein I informed you, that no " Parcel had arrived for me by Mail Coach on " Tuesday Night or Wednesday Night, and have made " strict Enquiry every Night. Nothing has come to " Hand but a Parcel for Mr. Drake, which I

" forwarded by the Post Boy on Saturday last. I have " been this Morning and examined the Weigh Bills, and Books of Accounts, for all Parcels sent by Coach, but " nothing in my Name to be found: you will make " Enquiry of the Person you sent with it to the Coach " Office in London."

That he (Mr. Clevland) being informed by the Bookkeeper of the Coach Office, that this Mail went through Bath, he wrote to Doctor Merry, Physician at Bath, to make Enquiry for the Parcel containing the Writ,

there. That he has received Two Letters, dated the 26th. and 27th Instant, from Doctor Merry, Hating, that he had made Enquiries at the Inn where the Exeter Mail Hops, but could get no Intelligence of the Weigh Bill, which was stated to be forwarded to Exeter: That from all these Circumstances, he (Mr. Clevland) apprehends the Parcel containing the Writ, must be loft.

John Cure, Servant to John Clevland, Esquire, called in:

Was you sent by Mr. Clevland with any Parcel to the.

Gloucester Coffee House ? ----- Yes; on the 16th of this

Month, my Master desired me to carry the Parcel to the Gloucester Coffee House, and have a Receipt. I carried it there, and had a Receipt for it.

[The same which has been already produced.]

Did you carry more than One Parcel on that Day ? ----- -No.

When did you carry any other Parcel directed to Mr.

Heale ? ----- 1 have carried One since the 16th, but can't

say on what Day.

Mr. James Davis, Book-keeper at the Mail Coach Office, Gmcester Coffee House, called in.

[Witness shewn the above mentioned Receipt.]

Is that your Hand Writing ? ~ It is.

Did you then receive a Parcel directed, as that Paper specifies ?--Yes.

Is it entered in your Book — It is.

i Book produced, and Entry read as follows:

" Monday 16th March 1801. "P. P. Mr. Heale, Exeter. 4

What became of the Parcel ? ----- -It was delivered to

be sent by the Exeter Coach which goes through Bath.

Is not a Weigh Bill made out of all Parcels sent by the Coach? ----- -There is.

Where is the Weigh Bill of that Night's Mail ? ——

It is kept at Thatcham, in Berkshire.

Which of the Servants belonging to the Coach, has the Charge of delivering Parcels directed to Exeter ?

----- If they arrive fafeat Bath, they are then entered on

another Weigh Bill, to be forwarded to Exeter.

How will it appear that they arrive fiife at Bath ?---

In the first place, if the Parcel is missing when the Coach comes to Thatcham, or Bath, it will be marked as such on the Weigh Bill, and, of course, will not be entered in the new Weigh Bill to

Where is the Weigh Bill from Thatcham to Bath ?

----- That is the Weigh Bill to which I have before

referred, and which is at Thatcham.

Have you made any Enquiries about this Parcel ? -

I have written twice to Mr. Phillips at the Hotel, Exeter, but have received no Answer: I might have received an Answer to the last by this Day's Post. I all'o wrote to Mr. Dover, Lamb Inn, Bath, on Wednesday Evening the 25th, but have received no Answer.

Are you sure by which of the Exeter Mails the Parcel

went by? ----- --1 have every Reason to believe that it

went by the Exeter Mail which goes through Bath.

Mr. John Davis produced to the Committee, the Weigh Bill, ordered on Saturday, in which is the following Entry; viz. p.id

" Heale, P. P. Exeter, 4 s.not come to and

fays, That there being no Tick in the Margin thus it appears that the Parcel did not arrive at Thatcham That the Words not come to Bath, were written, as he believes, at Bath.

Mr. Clevland produced to the Committee, a Letter which he received this Day from Mr. Heale, dated Exeter, 28th March, by which it appeared,

That he had not then received the said Parcel; and that he had examined the Weigh Bills of all the Coaches that go from London and Exeter, from the 16th to the 26th, and could find no Entry of such a Parcel.

Ordered,

41 Geo. III.

5o° Marlii.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Howard, for the Recovery of what should appear due to Table. them on that Account; and that the Accounts of the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to . Petitioners Samuel Hill and Pridmore, as such '

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Overseers as aforesaid, from Easter 1797 to the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parlia- 1799* were appealed against by the same Persons who ment, for the Borough of Callington, in the County of had previously appealed against the Rates, and, upon the Cornwall, in the Room of Sir John Call, Baronet, de- hearing thereof, the Sum of £. 145. in 1 id. I which ceased; it appearing, that the former Writ*which issued was due to the said Hill on the Balance of his

on the 13th Day of this Instant March, for the said Account for the Year ending Easter 1797, for Monies Election, has been loft. , actually advanced and expended out of his own Pocket,

for the Use of the Parish, and carried to his Account, as Sir Robert Buxton, according to Order, reported from such Overseer for the Two next succeeding Years, w'as the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill disallowed by the Court; on the Authority of a same for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of determined in the Court of Bench, intituled,

the Poor, was committed, the Amendments which the " The King against and the Sum of

Committee had made to the Bill, arid which they had £.91. 19*. 7 the principal Part of which the Peti-dirented him to report to the House; and he read the tioner, Joseph Pridmore, had actually paid and expended Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, to the Counsel and Solicitor who were employed in de-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where fending the different Appeals against the Poor Rates in the Report was read. a former Year, was also disallowed; and the said Sums

A Petition of Joseph Bunn and James Shepherd, Two of were ordered by the Court to be paid by the Petitioners, the late Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Peter, in Samuel Hill and Joseph Pridmore, into the Hands of the the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, and County of succeeding Churchwardens and Overseers; and that the Hertford, and of Samuel Hill and Joseph Pridmore, the Petitioners, Samuel Hill and Joseph Pridmore, having late Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish, was pre- neglected to discharge the above Sums, as not having it fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the in their Power so to do, were, in the Month of March Petitioners were appointed to, and served the respective 1800, committed to the Common Gaol at Alban's, Offices of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of till Payment thereof should be made; and both of them the said Parish of Saint Peter, from Eafer 1796, to Easter still remain in such Gaol, as not having it in their Power 1799, that, as several Appeals had been made against to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish much more to discharge the Debts contracted by them within the Two Years antecedent to which the Petition- whilst in Office, and which the Creditors threaten to sue ers first entered on their Offices, and such Rates had, them for, whenever they are released; and that the present from Time to Time, been quallied by the Court of Rental of this Parish in the Poor Rates is upwards of Quarter Sessions, owing to the Omission of some rate- £ 7,000, the Number of Persons assessed about 350, and , able Property, which it was almost impossible for the the Number exculed from the Payment of Rates, on Parish Officers, info extenfivea Parish as Saint Peter, to account of Poverty, is very great indeed; and that the guard against, the Petitioners were advised to procure the Petitioners being informed, that it is in the Contempla-Whole of the rateable Property within the Parish to be tion of the Legislature to pass a Law, enabling Magis-surveyed and valued, as the most likely Means of pre- trates to grant Warrants of Distress for the Recovery of venting such Omissions in future, and of giving Satis- Poor Rates, notwithstanding any Appeal should be faction to the Parishioners at large; and that, at a pub- pending against the fame, and to limit the Power of the lie Vestry,held on the 13th Day of July 1796, Two Sur- Courts of Quarter S.-ffions to the Equalization of the veyors were appointed for that Purpose; and, on the Rates, which Law, if it had existed when the Petitioners 42d of October following, the Petitioners made a Rate were in Office, would have protected them from the for the Relief of the Poor, therein assessing every Inhabi- Grievances and Losses which they have already sustained, tant and Occupier of rateable Property in the Parish at and are still liable to experience: And therefore praying the same Sums as the Surveyors had fixed upon; but a the House to take their same into Consideration, and violent Spirit of Litigation prevailing in the Parish, such permit a Clause to be inserted in the Bill now before the Rate was appealed against, and quaftied upon the same House, to authorize the Churchwardens and Overseers Grounds as the former Rates had been quaftied; and of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Peter, for the Time the Petitioners were unable, until the 6th Day of Ja~ being, to raise, within a limited Time, by an equal Rate, nuary 1798, to make a Rate which could be established, or Assessment, on the Inhabitants and Occupiers of as there was always some trifling Omission of Properly rateable Property within the said Parish, a sufficient which the Appellants found Means to discover and make Sum of Money for discharging all such Debts as were Objections to, notwithstanding the greatest Care was really and bond side contracted by the Petitioners on taken by the Surveyors, as well as by the Petitioners, to Account of the said Parish, whilst in their respective prevent any such Omissions; and that the Petitioners, in Offices, and now due and unpaid; and also for reimburf-consequence of the Poor Rates being so quaftied, were ing to the Petitioners the Whole of the Money which deprived of the Means of providing for the Poor in the they have actually paid and expended on Account of ordinary Way, or of discharging the Expences incurred the said Parish, and for which no Satisfaction hath yet by making the Survey and Valuation, and defending the been made them; or that the House will grant them such Appeals within the respective Years in which the Debts Relief as shall seem meet.

contracted by them for such Purposes arose, by Reason Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, whereof they became personally responsible for the Pay- Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to ment of such Debts, amounting, in the Whole, to the the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon Sum of j£. 1,099, as near as they can calculate the fame, the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was the Whole of which still remains due and unpaid to the disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the House; several Creditors, save and except the Sum of £. 137. ioj. and several Amendments were made, by the House, to which has lately been paid by the Petitioners Bunn and the Bill.

Shepherd, and one Joseph Howard (who was at that Time Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be a Churchwarden with them), to one of the Surveyors ingrossed.

and his Assistants, for their Trouble in making the said Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Survey and Valuation, and for their Costs of an Action Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-brought against all the Petitioners, and the said Joseph grofled.

Vol. 56. '

Committee of

8Wly;

Accounts,

Lc. rt.ntft-iiv* Ir'^ukI, rote'red. Coni'.iidaled Fluid.

Treasury.

Wicklow Gold Mine*

Statutes.

Heralds, kc.

Battle Axe Guards.

Feinting Pro-

cluirsUioiis,

&c.

Law Courts.

Criminal

Froltcutions.

Public Often-dtrs.

Civil Buildings.

Port cf Dublin.

Public Offices in Dublin.

Pifposition of Giants.

Receipts and J flues of the Trcaiury.

Public

Boards.

Public Hof-pitab.

Public Officers.

30° Mar Hi,

j4. i8or.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Permanent Charges „ on the Cunfolidated Fund in Ireland, at the 1 ft Day of January 1801, so far as the tame can be ascertained, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of incidental Expences of the Treasury in Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of working the Gold Mine in the County of IVick/oiv, for One Year, to the 5th January 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of Expence of Statutes at Large for the Use of the Members of the late Parliament, who were entitled to them, and who have not yet received them, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of Cloathing Ills Majesty's Heralds, Purfuivants, and State Trumpeters, for Three Years, from the 25th M 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the E(Innate of Expence of Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards, due on ill loot, be referred to tire said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of Expence of printing Proclamations and Advertiscments in Hie Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending 5th January 1002, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum necessary in order to pay Artificers, and complete the Eall Wing of the public Oiiices at the Law Courts, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutums, for One Year, to the 5th Day ol

ary 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for apprehending public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate under the Head of Civil Buildings, from the tft January 1801 to 5th January 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin for 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other public Offices, in Dublin Castle, and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy, Purfuivants, and Extra Messengers, attending the said Offices, for One Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, lhcwinghow the Money given for the Service of the Year ending Lady Day 1800, for Ireland, with the Remains on the former Year, has been disposed of; ditlinguilhcd under the several Heads, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the A b (tract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury for Ireland, in One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800, together with the Remains, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the several public Boards in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the public Hospitals and Schools in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Brag ye took the Chair of the Committee.

OO %

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to j^ans' d*ftr' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third fi'Hs respect-Reading of the Bill (now ingrolled) to render valid In- lures "Va"p-dentures ot Apprenticeship of Poor Children, and others, prenticeship, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, Passe<1, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to render valid Indentures of Appren-ticefiiip of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify ail Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for permitting India Goods prohibited to be w'orn or uled in Great Britain, and warehoustd, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the of being exported to the Colonies or

Plantations in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or uled in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Puqiole of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I Ioufe Scotch Spirit* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Blll» Stored, upon the Bill for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, for a further Time to be limited, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Mclafies or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Printed Stuffs Duties Bill, deferred.

Ctistoms additional Duties BUI, deferred.

Bank Notes, &c. Bill, deferred.

Further Confederation of Fourth Report on Provisions, deferred.

Committee on Bill respecting Mills.

steporton Bill for lessening the Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes, further con fider-ed.

Bill re-committed.

Considered.

41 Geo. III. 30° Martii. 243

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into him to report, when the House will please to receive the further Consideration the Report of the Bill for granting fame.

to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens OrdThat the Report be now received, and Stuffs printed in, or imported into. Great Britain Mr. FMar ton accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, from Ireland; mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Consideration upon Fhurfday Morning next. report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questionfe-Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper im- verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, ported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United ingrafted.

Kingdom; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then resolve itself into the said Committee. ‘ ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Surrey Ro=dc resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parishes petition!1 upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the of Wandsworth, Wimbledon, Clap ham, Lambeth, and Cam-Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Promissory Notes, berwell, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the Bank Poll Bills, and Bills of Exchange; House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Leave to bring in a Bill, for altering and enlarging the ingnext, resolve itself into the said Committee. Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the

25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more The Order of the Day being read, for taking into effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's further Consideration the Report which, upon the aoth End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in Day of this Instant March, was made from the Com- the County of Surrey, to in the County of

inittee appointed to consider of the present High Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston-, and from Vauxhall Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Bridge, through to Brixton and from

Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the Newington to the East End of Beckham Lane, and from House; Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill, in the County

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further of Surrey; and for repairing the Road from Consideration Tomorrow Morning. aforesaid, to Wilchcross, in the County of Sussex; and to

increase the Tolls; and Setting forth, That a certain The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Road, in the Parishes of Wandsworth and Wimbledon,

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling Wandsworth, through South Field and Lane,

down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works there- into the Turnpike Road leading from Lower to

unto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously Merton, and a certain other Road, in the Parishes of Clap-assembled. ham, and in the County of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. and leading from the Turnpike Road at Clapham,down Acre

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. Lane and Coal Harbour Lane, to the Turnpike

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. berwell, are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommo-

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they dious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, im-had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment proved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when Law; and that it would be a Convenience to the several the House will please to receive the same. Neighbourhoods, and of public Utility, if the same were

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Manage-Morning. ment of the Trustees for executing the said Act: And

therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the The House, according to Order, proceeded to takeinto said Bill, for amending, widening, improving, and keep-further Consideration the Report from the Committee ing in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, as to the of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lessening the House shall feemmeet.

Burthen of Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Potatoes on Fallows intended for Wheat, during the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition present Scarcity, was committed. of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub-

And the House being informed, that several other feribed, being Trustees for putting into Execution an Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Bill; Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in Committee of the whole House. the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston* and

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- causezvay, and from Newington to the East End of Peck-fider further of the said Bill. ham Lane, and from Green to the Fox under The House accordingly resolved itself into the said the Hillin the county of ; and for repairing the Committee. Road from Highgate aforesaid, to Wiichcross, in the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. County of is referred; and that they do examine

Mr. Fullarton took the Chair of the Committee. the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it

Mr. Speaker 'resumed the Chais. shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Fullartbn reported from the Committee, That.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Account of Amendments thereunto, which they had directed ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole chargeof VpL. 56. 3 R House, Public s#-

246 3°° — 3

vices in ire- House, to consider of defraying the Annual Charge land, to be of several permanent Public Services in Ireland.

considered. *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis,31* die Martii;

Anno 410 Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

1

Prayers.

Maid (lone ENERAL De Lancey reported from the Com-

petition °" Vj tnittee, to whom the Petition of the several Per-ported. 'r fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River , from the Town of

Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Boxley, Allington, and , in the County of

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, no Notices having been given, because it was not till lince the Time for giving those Notices was elapsed that a Valuation of the Works already done had been made, and the Necessity of applying to Parliament ascertained; that, on the Report of the Person employed to make such Valuation, it appeared, that the Expence of executing those Works had exceeded the Estimate in the Sum of £.3,400, or thereabouts, and that, in order to provide for the Discharge of that Debt, and to raise the Money required to complete the Works of the said Navigation, it became necessary that immediate Application should be made to Parliament for further Powers; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. George Burr being examined, said. That the Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Act, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Navigation and Works, and have therein expended the Whole of the Sum of £. 8,000. by the said Act authorized to be raised, in Manner therein mentioned, but which Sum has pipved very inadequate for carrying into Effect the Purposes of the said Act; that it is expedient, in order to finish and maintain the said Navigation, and otherwise carrying the said Act into Execution, a further additional Sum should be raised on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, and Power given toincreale the lame; and that it is necessary the Powers and' Provisions of the said Act should, in other Respects, be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

... Table.

1'

if) . Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

Crowiand.Ac. :the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Drainage and Petition of the Icveral other Persons, whose Names are titiun, Report, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and ed- others, interested in the Drainage and Inclosure of

Deeping, Crowland, Lang/oft, Pinch-

beck, and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of -Kejln'cnand Holland, in the County of , was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills V. of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with;

v. ' end that the Committee had examined the Matter of

0 Martii, . 1801.

the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Green being examined, said, That there are, in the Commons, within the Parts aforesaid, many Thousand Acres of Land, of a rich and fertile Nature, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if divided, allotted, inclosed, and properly drained, would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of much Benefit to the Community at large.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ' draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing.

Crowland, Langloft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and

Cozvbit Commons, within the Parts of Kejleven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. El/ifon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and other- stanground wife improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Bill^cwwn^t-Commons, and Waites, within the Parish of Stanground ted.' with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Simon Torke, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Greenlaw and A As, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Lauder. Road* Majesty, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present conuntt* Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Corn-hill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to and from Coldstream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bail/ie,

Sir (Villian: Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. AnneJIey reported from the Committee, to whom Reading

the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in RoadsFeti-Execution several Acts, made in the 4th Year of King tIon> reporte George the First, the 9th and 30th Years of King George the Second, and the 18th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Martin AnneJIey, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said.Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be continued, and further and other Powers granted for more effectually widening and repairing the said Road. — And the Witness further said. That it

would

1

41 Geo. III. 310 247

would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to Carriages, and Cattle passing over the fame, and Fart the Public, if the Trustees were enabled to divert the of the Streets leading thereto, at each End thereof, j Course of the said Road, and to carry the same from are narrow, and much obstruded by Buildings, and it

or near a certain Pond called The King's-Head Pond, in is necessary that the said Bridge should be widened, the Parish of Saint Giles, in Reading aforesaid, through and the Streets or Avenues leading thereto, at each Three Mile Cross, and over Two Bridges at or near End thereof, made safe and commodious, by taking Sheepbridge Mill, in the Parish of Swallowfield, in the down Part of l'uch Buildings, or otherwise; that all Counties of Berks and Wilts, to join and communicate the Bars, Pofterns, Gateways, or public Entrances into with the present Road near the Seven Mile Stone, and the said City, are narrow and inconvenient, and the to continue the Road from the Tanner's House in Arches of some of them are lo low or narrow, that Basingstoke, to join the Turnpike Road leading from public loaded Stage Waggons, and other Carriages, Aldermaston to Basingstoke. — And the Witness added, having Occasion to pass through the fame, cannot That it would tend to the more easy and convenient conveniently do so with Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Execution of the said Acts, if the Powers and Pro- Hay, or Straw, which they are authorized and accus-visions thereof were reduced into One Ad. tomed to carry, but are frequently obliged either to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for unload Part thereof, for the Purpose of passing into tnore effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and or through the said City, and afterwards to re-load the improving, the* Road leading from Reading, in the fame, or to adapt the loading of such Carriages to the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of said Entrances and Arches; and, by Reai'on of the Southampton: And that Mr. Annejley, Mr. Shaw Le- Narrowness of the said Entrances, many Persons have fevre, and Mr. Simeon, do prepare, and bring in, the been hurt or injured, and Foot Passengers cannot lame. safely pass through the fame; that the Towers, Tur-

rets, Walls, and other Stone Works of the like Nature, Wilts and Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom in, or surrounding and appertaining to, the said City

"omHuued t,ie BiH for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the of York, which belong to, or are repaired by, the ii^repurted. Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for Mayor and Commonalty of the same City, are mostly completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and of great Antiquity, and, by Reason thereof, are be-amend, the Act, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign coming ruinous, and liable to fall into Decay, and of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was cannot be repaired, maintained, kept up, and preservd re-committed; That the Committee had made several in good Order and Condition, but at a great Annual other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed Charge and Expence, and more than the said Mayor him to report to the House; and he read the Report and Commonalty are able to sustain and pay, without in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with great Loss and Inconvenience; that the said Bars, the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Pofterns, Gateways, or Entrances, Towers, Turrets, Report was read. Walls, and Works, are not necessary to be kept up

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the or preserved for any public Use or Purpose; but, if the Table. said Mayor and Commonalty were empowered to take

down and remove the same respectively, or such of York rm- Sir William Mordamt Milner reported from the Com- them, of such Part thereof, from Time to Time, as proyfment mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Com- may be found expedient, and to appropriate the Ground ^etinon,re- mona]ty Gf the City of York, was referred; That the or Soil thereof, and to work up and use, or fell and Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- dispose of, the Stone and Materials of the said Bars, ing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had Pofterns, Gateways, or Entrances, Towers, Turrets, been complied with, (except that the Notice was Walls, and Works, so to be taken down and removed, affixed on the Sessions House Door of the City of and to apply such Stone and Materials, or any Part York, and County of the same City, on the 7th thereof, or the Money arising from the Sale and Dif Day of November last, being the Day to which the position of the fame, or such Portion thereof, as may Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, be deemed expedient in or towards the re-building,

held for the said City, and County of the same City, widening, or repairing of the said Bridges, or either of

were adjourned, and which said Adjournment is con- them, or for other public Purposes within the said fidered the same as the Original, and is Part of the said City, it would tend to the Improvement of the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions); and that the Committee City, and be of great Advantage to the Citizens and had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to — And the Witness being further examined, said, That, them, to the House; and he read the Report in his in order to provide a Fund for defraying the Expences Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's of carrying the said beneficial Purposes into Execution, Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; particularly so far as the same relate to the said Bridges, viz. Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages respectively, and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. certain Buildings and Grounds proper to be purchased, Peter Atkinson, Architect, being examined, said, That taken down, and appropriated for effecting the fame, the Bridge called Ouse Bridge, over the River Ouse, in it will be necessary that certain Tolls should be laid on the City of York, is very ancient, and by Realon' of Carriages, Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, passing

the Form and Construction thereof, and of the Build- over the said Bridge, called Ouse , and on Carings erected upon and near thereto, is very narrow, in- riages, Horses, and Cattle, passing over the said Bridge, convenient, and dangerous for the passing of Carriages, called Fofs Bridge, or otherwise: Then,

Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, so that the free Mr. Richard Townend being examined, confirmed the Passage thereof is frequently interrupted; and there- above Evidence.

fore it is necessary to take down and rebuild, or widen , That the said Report do lie upon the

and enlarge the fame; and also to widen, raise, and Table, render more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, or

Ways, leading or near thereto, which are at present nar- Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom row and incommodious, and to purchase and take down the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act several Houses and Buildings for that Purpose: That for naturalizing Henry Walther, was committed; That the Bridge called Fofs Bridge, over the River Fofs, lead- the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ing from Fojsgate into Walmgate, in the said City, is Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the also narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Passengers, Committee had directed him to report the Bill to V.ol. 56, the

Walther'* Nit Bill, re* ported, and passed.

C tized by the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Dumfries Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to

rion^reported w^om the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the lload from Dumfries, by Ae Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries; and all'o, another Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from , by

Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget, to Wunlock Head, in the said County of Dumfries, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, (except that about Two Miles of one of the intended Roads go across the County of Kirkcudbright, from one Part of the County of Dumfries to another Part of the same County, and no Notice was affixed on the Session House Door of the said County of Kirkcudbright, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions;) and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Hugh Maxwell being examined, laid, That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose upon the Credit of the Tolls by the , said Acts granted; and that it would greatly tend to the further and more speedy Reparation of the said Roads, if the said Acts were repealed, and all the said Roads comprized in One Act. — And the Witness further said, That the Road from the East End of the Town of Annan, through Annan Common and Stapleton, by the Bridge over the Water of Kittle, at , or

by a new Bridge to be built over the Water of Kirtle, and to join the Turnpike Road from Grateney to the Road from the East of the Village of Dornoch, by Woodhall and Stapleton, through Annan Common, to join the Road from Annan to Langholm; the Road from Thornhill, by Pensant and to the Confines of

the Stewartry of Kirkcudbrigthe Road from the West

of Carr on Bridge, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Lanark, towards Elvanfoot; and the Road from Mennock Toll Bar, by to the Confines of the County of , are in bad Repair,

and in many Places io ruinous, that Travellers cannot at all Times conveniently or safely pass thereon, nor can they be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Funds levied under the Authority of the Laws now in Force.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Petition for Ordered, That Mr. Tyner do make the Report from Provision in the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Deeping, Persons, whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, being Drain'a'e^and* ^whers of Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes Iiici'oitfre Bill, of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous reported. to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping Fen, lying between the said River Glen and the River Welland, all in the County

Lincoln, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred.

Mr. Tyner accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with (except that no Notices were given for draining any of the Lands situate in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, the Ne-ceflity of extending the Works of Drainage to any Lands in those Parishes not having occurred, and the Proprietors not having determined to concur therein, until after the Month of December last; and also, except that the Notices which were regularly given for draining all the Commons and other Commonable Lands mentioned in the said Petition (which are situate in the same Parishes and Places in which the inclosed Lands mentioned in the said Petition are situate) did not, through Inadvertency, extend to such inclosed Lands, although it was the Intention of the Proprietors, as well of the said Commonable Lands as of the said inclosed Lands, that such inclosed Lands should have been included in such Notices; and the Proprietors of such inclosed Lands, under an Apprehension that they were actually included therein, attended at all the Meetings, and concurred in all the other Measures which were taken preparatory to the Application to Parliament, pursuant to such Notices); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Fofler being examined, said. That unless several of the Works of Drainage mentioned in a Petitioa which was presented to the House on the 3d Day of February last, for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining Deeping, Crow-land, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kejleven and Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, and the Powers for carrying them into Execution be extended to certain Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous to the Nortk Bank of the River Glen, and to certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the said several Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the said Rivers Glen and,

the same will be ineffectual. — And the Witness being further examined, said. That by several Acts of Parliament, heretofore passed, divers Powers for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Spalding, Pinchbeck, Bourn, and Thurlby, and in Deeping Fen aforesaid, have been granted to certain Commissioners of Sewers, and certain other Persons, Owners of the said inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen' aforesaid. Adventurers or Undertakers for draining Deeping Fen, and to certain Commissioners commonly called The Black Sluice Commissioners, and also to certain other Commissioners, acting under the Powers of an Act for improving Bourn Eau, in the said County of Lincoln; and, if the Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Adventurers or Undertakers, and the said other Commissioners respectively, were severally authorized to execute certain other Works of Drainage and Prelerva-tion, and proper Powers were granted to them for that Purpose, it would materially facilitate the Drainage and Pretervation of all the said Lands, Grounds, and Commons, — And the Witness being further examined, said. That all the inclosed Lands, described in the said Petition, and intended to be affected by the said pro-poled Works of Drainage, are situate in the several Parishes of Market Deeptng, James Deeping,

Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, Cowbit, Crowtand, Bourn, and Thurlby, or some of them, except such Parts

thereof

41 Geo. III. 310 Martii, 249

thereof as are extra Parochial, which immediately ad- Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, whole join upon the said Parishes, or some of them, and no Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the others. Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not Table. been complied with, it not being intended to apply to

Parliament till after the Time required by the Orders of Rifby and A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the the House for giving Notices of Applications for Paving

ciofure Bin?* Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Com- Bills was elapsed; and that, since that Time, several committed.' monable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Houses, stanaing on the Ground through which it is Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rifby and intended to make a new Street from into

Fornkam All Saints, in the County of Suffolk, was read Whitechapel, have been taken down, and others have a Second Time. fallen down, the Whole having been in a State of great

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Decay; that this Circumstance suggested to therro-Viscount Brome, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, &c.: And moters of this Application, the Idea of seizing the pre-they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, sent Opportunity of obtaining so very delirable a Coni-in the Speaker's Chamber. munication with the great public Street called White

chapel High Street; and that, if they miffed such Oppor-Burfledon Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, tunity, the Ground necessary to be taken for the Purpose 2m'retried. to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of might either be built upon, or applied to, such other n, report* Burfiedon Bridge and Roads, was referred; That the Uses as to make the Object itself unattainable, and that.

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing in its present State, there are only Three or Four Houses Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building of any Value, which it will be requisite to take down;

Bridges, and making Turnpike Roads, had not been and that the Committee had examined the Matter complied with, it not having been found necessary to of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the apply to Parliament for Powers to ra'tfe a further Sum of fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Money, until the Period for giving the Notices required read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered by the said Standing Orders had expired, the said Com- it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j pany not having entered into an Investigation of their and is as followeth; viz.

Affairs until the Month of October last; that it ap- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. peared to the Committee, that the said Bridge and Roads Edward Sandham being examined, said. That it would will open a Ibort Communication between Southampton be of great public Benefit to have aPassage commodious and several other Places in the said County; and that it for Carriages and Passengers, from the South End of is extremely material to public Convenience, that the Qrifoin Street, near Spitalfields Church, in the said Parish said Bridge and Roads should be completed as soon as of Christchurch, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said possible; that the said Bridge has been built, and is Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of passable for Carriages, but that the Roads leading thereto Middlesex, whereby a better and more easy Communiqa-have only been set out, and are not yet put in proper tion may be made between Spitalfields, Shoreditch, and Repair, nor has the said Bridge been completed; that Parts adjacent, to the Haymarket in Whitechapel High. it is not intended to lay any additional Toll whatever on Street aforesaid. — And the Witness further said. That Persons passing over the said Bridge and Roads, and that such Passage may now be made'at a less Expence than it would be attended with great Loss to the said Com- at any other Time; as many of the Old Buildings have pany of Proprietors, if they were not enabled to proceed been lately taken down, and others are now in a very this Year in finishing and completing the said Bridge ruinous, decayed, and depopulated State, and Roads: And that the Committee had examined the That the said Report do lie upon the

Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Table, report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Highgate nut

livered it in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the same was and amend the Powers, of an Act, made in the 16th

read; and is as followeth; viz. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, paired. *

: To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, " An Act to continue and render more effectual, several passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present " Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading Majesty, for building a Bridge over Burfiedon River, at or " to Highgate Gate house and Hampstead, and other Roads in - near the Ferry of Burfiedon, in the County of Southamp-""the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex j. ton, and for making and maintaining several Roads to " and also to continue and render more effectual, an Act

communicate therewith,was read: And, "to enable the ifcspective Trustees of the Turnpike

Mr. Isaac Galpine being examined, said, That a con- " Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and,

siderable Progress hath been made in the Execution of " and from Saint Giles's Potmd to , to make a*

the said Act, but the Money thereby authorized to be " new Road from the Great Northern Road at , .

raised, will be very inadequate to enable the Petitioners " to the Edge ware Road near Paddington, so far as the*

to complete the said Bridge and Roads. " same is, by the said Act, directed to be under the

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the " Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-

Table. " mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the

" laid new Road, near Queen's Row, to Barnigge Wajk,

North Wot- Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to " and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said

ton, &c. Order, a Bill for draining and preferring certain Low " Roads,'‘ was read the Third Time,

presented, 1 Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes or Chapelries of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

North Wot ton, Pilton, Wefi Pennard, and several other be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and

Pari (lies and Places therein mentioned, in the County of from thence to the End of the then next Section of

Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers,

Time. of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue,.

" and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament,

Spitalfields Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to " for repairing the High ways leading to new street whom the Petition of the Landlords, Owners, and Oc- " and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts

potted."'re* cupiers of Houses, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, " mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to

within the several Parishes of Christchurch and Saint " continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable

Vol. 56. 3S "th*

450 $1* Martii. i8or.

the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading *' to Highgate Gatehouse and and from Saint

v Giles's Pound to Kilboumto make a new Road from " the Great Northern Road at to the

" Road near Paddington, so far as the same is, by the said Ad, directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and " for making a Road from the said new Road, near w Queen's Row, to Bagnigge , and for watching,

slighting, and watering, the said Roads."

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

HertWfonl- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Bmfcora-111* Common fields, Common Meadows, Common mitted. Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbu in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumet, he.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rugby Road A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the mined!"1' Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh Keck, Mr. Cartwright, he.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Outwei!*"*1 ^r* Afity presented to the House, according to Damage Bill, Order, a Bill for more effectually draining and improving presented. certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and' Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Hie of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Donington A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge *^*5 the Powers, of Two Acts, paired in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and' to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was read a ' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Walpole, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Orders for The Order of the Day, for the Attendance of the

Attendance of feygraj Members ordered to attend the Service of the

House this Day, being read; charged. A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Names of the said Members be now called over;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 2>

Tellers for the Noes, General:} J*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

'.The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 17th Day of this Instant March, for several Mem-- bets.to attend the Service of the House upon the 14th Day of April next, might be read.

And the said Order being read' accordingly 5

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Accounts Mr. Carry presented to the House, by His Majesty's 35* Command, ....

presented: i ' Z

An Account of atl additional Sutn necessary for the Dublin So* Dublin Society, in the Year 1801: And allb, cietv-

An Account of a Sum necessary for promoting the Farming So-Purposes of the Farming Societies in Ireland, for the Year 1801.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Xppt*x this Volume. (No. 28.)

t

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lord*

Pepys: have agreed t®

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill foren-to extend, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September "ui^varionirf One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Provisions Potatoes, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the "better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of " the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of " Pasture, in this Kingdom," and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Expiring for reviving, and continuing, until the First Day of Odo- Laws BlB* her One thousand Eight hundred and One, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain in Neutral Ships; for reviving and continuing, until the Fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Ileign of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving, and making perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed ta the Bill, intituled, An Act Dovorand for altering, widening, and repairing, the Road leading R^JsBiiJ. from the Town and Port of Dovor, to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of IValderfhare; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham Downs, up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Launceston for continuing, and amending, Two Acts, severally passed Roads Bl11, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Lenmceston, in the County of Cornwall; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts, to the lload leading from the West Gate, under Madfiord, in the Borough of Launcefion aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North.

Gate, in the same Borough; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Epsom and for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence R*el1 R<wd5 to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the 1 *

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Twentieth

Carmarthen Hoads Bill.

Fiftierton Bridge Roads Bill.

Bridgewater koadi Bill.

Ealt Harlin® inclosure Bill.

West Brom-

wlchlndofurr

Bill.

Report on Brewers Petition referred to a Committee of the whole House.

African Company's Petition.

4* Gfio. III. 31a-Marti*. 251

Twentieth Year of the Rfcign of His firfefent Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repaid the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell

to King/}on upon Thames, and Thames in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Tulrnpike

Road on Borough Heath, in the said County j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of Three Acts, paired in the First, Second, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Re5-pair, the Road leading from Fi/herton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge,in and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, thfc Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of hiS late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fof repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridge-water, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year and Old inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East , in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the county of ; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of , and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 14th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report. _

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre-lented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1799, examined and passed by the Cuffitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the 23d Geo. II. for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that, in Consideration of the various Expences to which the Vox, 56.

Establishments ifl Africa Ait subject, having risen in lo great a Degree, arid thfc Price Of the Articles necetfafy for the Maintfcnante thereof, as also the Freight and In-foranc*e having so mu'ch advanced, that it was Found im£>offible to keep thfc Forts in dhy tolerable Degree of Security with the usual Annual Supply, the same Grant producing not tniich mote than One Half of what it formerly yielded, and in fcohfeqUencfe, the Petitioners were

fettingfo much in Debt for the public Service, and the 'ortifications so greatly out of Repair, that it was altogether impossible to anftver for the Security of the same without a more adequate Provision; the Hbufe was pleaffed, ih thfc last Session of Parliament, to grant to thfc Petitioners the Sum of /.20,boo; and that, being sensible of the great Regal'd shewn by the House for the Preservation, Ektension, and Improvement, of the Trade to Africa, And for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast, necessary thereto, the Petitioners pray the Hbufe to take the Premises into Consideration, and gfant such Sum as may be sufficifent, as well for the Expences already incurred, and not provided for, as for the Extra Expences before . stated, and likewise for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall fee'm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are chester Debt, thereunto subscribed, being Debtors confined in the o« Petition, County Gaol in the Castle at Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of thfcir Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into pourthReport further Consideration the Report which, upost the 20th °nf^r°j^ons» Day of this Instant March, was made from the Com- committw mittee appointed to consider of the present High Price of supply, of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And a Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to thfc Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the HoUle, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Report, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Braggt, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his PlAce; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Wherfc the1 same were read; and are as folldweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Treasury That the Sum of Five Hundred Twenty-two Thousand BiBfc Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Payment of a like Sum borrowed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, on Treasury Bills, payable on the 24th Day oF June, 24th Day of July,ana 25th Day of Defembtr 1801.

Resolved, That it isthfc Opinion of this Committee, Public of, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Thirteen fiem*

Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Three Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency,

J be-

25 2

310 Maliii. A. 1801.

Public Officer!.

IK

IP.

IP.

0»

vO*.

Port of Dublin.

Civil Buildings.

Public Offenders.

be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Stephen Moore, Esquire, Accountant General, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing and Rating the Public Accounts of that Part of the United Kingdom called

Ireland, laid before this House in this Session of Parliament.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred and Forty Pounds Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to John Smart, Esquire, Deputy Accountant General, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the Public Accounts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Parliament, for One Year, ending Lady Day iSoo.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Eight Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Sir John Tydd, Baronet, in Consideration of his Attendance, Care, and Expence, in the Office of Paymaster of Corn Bounties, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Paul le Bas, Esquire, Examinator of Corn Bounties, for his Trouble in keeping the Accounts of the said Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Robert Esquire, Inspec-

for General of Imports and Exports, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Sterling, being One Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Rogers IV>t her all, First Clerk in the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble in making up the said Accounts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Sterling, being One Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted £0 His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. John Swan, Examinator of Excise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in preparing the Accounts in the Office of Excise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Sixty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being One Thousand and Forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Refdlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine Thousand Five Hundred" Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Thirty-two Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Civil Buildings in and for that Par£ of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including Wages, Arrears, Rents, Taxes, and other Incidental Kxpepces, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of 1802,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Three Hundred and Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Sterling, being Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency! be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of apprehending Public Offenders in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three Thousand Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Sterling, being Twenty-five Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge which may probably be incurred in the Office of the Solicitor of Criminal Causes in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Four Hundred Eighty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Seven Thousand and Twenty-six Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Four Hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Three Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of printing certain Statutes in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen Thousand One Hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence Sterling, being Nineteen Thousand Six Hundred and Eighty Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in and for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for the Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Purfuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1S02.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Incidental Expences of the Board of Treasury in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five Thousand Five Hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Six Thousand. Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of building further Offices for the Records of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to discharge Sums due for building the Courts of Justice, for One-Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling, being One Thousand rounds Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied by the Commissioners of the Treasury in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, in working a Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Eighty-three Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling, being Seven Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted

Solicitor of

Criminal

Causes,

(Proclamation! and Adver* UicincuU.

Statute*

Public Offices.

Board of Treasury.

Office* for Records.

Wicklow Gold Mine.

Battle Axe Guards.

Officer* of Ann*, &c.

Trustees of

linen, See. Manufacture*.

Board of Firifc Fruit*.

Dublin

ticty.

Jpaving# ic; jQf Dublin.

Wide Street* in Dublin.

froteftxnt

School*.

Foundling

Hospital.

Sailors Children.

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand and Two Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being One Thousand and Eighty-six Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing His Majesty's Officers of Arms and State Trumpeters in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committeei That a Sum, nbt exceeding Nineteen Thousand Nine Hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Twenty-one Thousand Six Hundred Pounds IriJJ) Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1801, under such Regulations and Appropriation as shall be directed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Six Hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling, being Five Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Board of First Fruits in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for building new Churches, and rebuilding old Churches, for the Year iSon

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Sterling, being Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Sterling, being Ten Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City of Dublin, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum,-not exceeding Four Thousand One Hundred Fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen Thousand Two Hundred and Thirteen Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Sterling, being Nineteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools in that Part of the United Kingdom cabled lre-land, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Fifteen Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Foundling- Hospital in Dublin, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors Children Vol. g6.

in that Part of the United Kingdom called for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand One Hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Sterling, being Six Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-nine rounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of supporting the Wejhmrland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for the Year

x8oi.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Six Hundred Fifty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Three Thousand Nine Hundred and Sixty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Eight Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Sixteen Thousand Eight Hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of supporting the House of Industry for Relief of the Poor in Dublin, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Sterling, being Three Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Society for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Female Orphan House, near Dublin, for maintaining, cloathing, educating, and apprenticing, deserted Female Children, for the Year 1801.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolifiling of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, was, according to Order, re»d the Third Time.

3 An

lock Hospital.

Soldier* Children.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

House of Industry.

Society for promoting th# Christian Religion,

Female Orphan House.

Bill resp«£ting Mills, reported.

Bill for better Collection of Poor Rates, patted.

A. 1801.

O154 31

An ingtoffed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Court of Quarter Sessions may, with the Consent of Parties, proceed on defective Notices.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following, were severally pro* posed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3.I. 8. After " which" to insert " shall be " levied upon, or recovered from " him, her, or them."

1.10. To leave out "and" and insert "or," instead thereof.

Pr. 5.1. 5. To leave out " by him."

I.38. After " Assessment" to insert " or," and to leave out from " Account" to " the," in line 39.

Pr. 7.I. 2. After " General" to insert "or."

Pr. 9.1.25. 7 To leave out " of their own Mo* & 26. 3 " ney."

Pr. 10. 1.39. After " Application" to insert " to." I.40. To leave out from " Overseers" to " of," in Pr. 11. 1. 1.

Pr. 11.1. 4. After " General" to insert " or." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Annual Charge of several Public Services in Ireland.

Account referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of defraying the Annual Charge of several permanent Public Services in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of several permanent Public Services in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Scotch Spmts. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, for a further Time to be limited, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Me-laffes or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-. ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Custoim a<tdi- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ucrre ' upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, For the Third Read- Bill for lerTert-ing of the Bill (now'ingrolfcd) for lessening the Burthen 1^'3t*he|)l>">1[ of Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes on Fallows intended for Wheat, during the present Growth of Scarcity j ' SlST"*"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Joint Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names ported"'f" are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting into Execution an Act, made in the 23th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark,in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of and to Sutton and Kingston, and from Faux hall Bridge, through

well, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Beckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill,in the County of Surrey; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to in the County of Sifi'exand also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parishes of Wandsworth, Wimbledon, Clapham, Lambeth, and Camberw, in the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with in respect to the first-mentioned Petition; but that no Notices had been given with respect to the Road described in the second-mentioned Petition, leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of through Southfield and Durnsford Lane, into the Turnpike Road leading from Lower Tooting to Merton; and the Realon why the Notices were not given was, that the Petitioners apprehended, and expected, that this Branch of Road would have been included in the Notices given by the Trustees for their Application to enlarge the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act; and that the Omission was not discovered until the Time limited lor giving the Notices had elapsed; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read: And,

Mr. George Theakfon being examined, said, That a considerable Progrels has been made in the Execution of the said Act, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money still remains due and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased. — And the Witness further laid. That certain Roads leading from Nine Elms, near over

Battersea Fields and Bridge Fields, to the Turnpike Road . leading through the Town of Walio from the said last mentioned Road over Common,

to the Turnpike Road leading through Tooting; also from the said Road leading through the Town of Wandsworth, near the Spread Eagle there, through Garratt Lane, to the Turnpike Road at Lower Tooting, might be made much more safe and useful to the Public, if the same were properly amended'and widened, and put under

Petition of Tanners, &c. of Beverley.

Petition of Butchers of Gamfburgh.

Birmingham Paving, &c. Bill,prei'en ted,

41 Geo. ill.

310 Martii — 1°

255

the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited A(ft; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees If the said Act was repealed, and the Powers and Authorities thereby granted, consolidated into one Ad.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Richard Bush being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Wandsworth, through South Field and into the Turnpike Road leading from Lower Tooting to Merton, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the said Road was made Turnpike, and put under the Care of the Trustees aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, i° die Aprilis;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Pbaykks.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Butchers resident in the Town and Neighbourhood of Gainsburgh, in the county of,

was presented to the Houie, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horle Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto: And praying, That the House will take into Consideration the Grievances and Inconveniencies arising to the Petitioners by the Operation of the said Act, and that the same may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir George Augustus William pre-

fented to the Houie, according to Order, a Bill to alter and enlarge the" Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 9th and 13th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open, and widening, certain Ways, Pallages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Pallages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Vo L. 56.

Town; for laying open, and widening, certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Time. '

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Langtoft and Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ®relBin"pre-several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and tented, other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the several Parishes of Langtoft and in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Report which was Leave granted Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe- [jr ProWfion tition of the several Persons, whole Names are there- in Deeping, unto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Grounds ^"v^uid in the several Parishes of Bourn and adjoining, indoture Bill,

or laying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Piace called Deeping Fen, lying between the said River Glen and the River Welland, all in the County of Lincoln, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given of the present Application to Parliament for draining the several inclosed Lands and Grounds described in the said Report, by affixing such Notices on the Doors of the several Parish Churches of Market Deeping, James Deeping, Langtoft, Baflon, Spald* ing. Pinchbeck, Cowbit, Crowland, Bourn, and Thurlby, in the said County of Lincoln, for Three Sundays, in the present Month of April.

The House was moved, That the Report which was Report on Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution tion, read, and an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by Ae Bridge, to Moffat, in t he County of Dumfries-, and also, another Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget, to Wanlock Head, in the said County of Dumfries, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances, mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next adjourned or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes Hated in the said Report.

The House was moved. That the Report which Report on was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Maidstone Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- PetTtfon'.Tead, unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, and Leave palfed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parillies of Maidstone, Boxley, Aldington, and Ayle ford, in the County of Kent, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of

Kent}and also Three Times in The London Gazette, and

Three

A. 1801,

ic6 I. Aprilis.

Three Times in the Newspaper called Maidfone 'Journal, in the present Month of April, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the Paid Petition.

w^Roadt The House was moved. That the Report which was Petition!, Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Retired. and Bill tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto ordered; subscribed, being Trustees for putting into Execution an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Sfones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Hiyligate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and >

and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwe/l, to Brixton Causeway, and' from Newington to the East End of Beckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repair

Ing the Road from Highaforesaid, to in

the County of Sussex-, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parishes of Wandsworth, Wimbledon, Clapham, Lambeth, and Camberivell, in the County of Surrey,were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Nine Elms, to the Turnpike Road leading through the Town of W; also the Road from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, over Wandsworth Common, to the Turnpike Road leading through ! Tooting; and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road leading through the said Town of through

Garratl Lane, to the Turnpike Road at Lower Footing, in the said County of Surrey, being the Roads mentioned in the first of the said Petitions: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on The House was moved. That the Report which was T°vtment Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe-i'ethiw^'reail, tition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of "ran^Tfor York,was referred, might be again read, fiotkes. or And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the City and County of the City of York, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Report on The House was moved. That the Report which was Bridge r?ti- Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition,"read, tion of the Company of the Proprietors of

a,'a»trd for B^ge and Roads, was referred, might be again read,

tsoncci. or And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions > to be holden for the County of Southampton, and Three Times in lonie one Newspaper published in the said County, in the present Month or April, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes stated in the said Report.

Wandsworth Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to Railway, Vc. whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway Sill, report . from t)ie Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of 5.

and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at W all in the County of Surrey,was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, diifented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table;

The House being informed that Mr. Worsley, Clerk Accounts of to the London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, company, Meal, and Bread, attended at the Door; he was called presented. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to thetDireftions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies received and applied by the said London Company, from the 28th Day of July 1800 (the Date of the Act for incorporating the Company) to the 31st Day of December 1800, inclusive; and of the Debts and Credits of the said Company, on the said 31st Day of December: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Quantities of Wheat, or other Grain, bought by the said London Company on each Day when Purchases were made, and of the Prices paid for the same, from the 28th Day of July to the 31st Day of December 1800, inclusive; shewing also the Quantities in Store, both of Grain, and of Flour and Meal, on the tft Day of November, and the 1 ft and 31st Days of December 1800: And also,

N° 3. Lift of the Proprietors of the London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread; shewing also the Number of Shares (of £.25.) held by each on the 31st Day of December 1800: And also,

N° 4. An Account of Flour sold by the said London Company in January, February, and March 1801; distinguishing the Quality, Quantity, and Price: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Quantity, and Price, of Standard Wheaten Bread sold by the said London Company, from the 5th of March to the 31st of March i8<?i, inclusive; shewing also the Price, each Week, of Wheaten Bread, according to the Assize.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section. ‘

Mr. Dick/ns reported from the Committee, to whom Birmingham the Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, Four several Acts, made in the 12th Year of reported! ' the Reign of King George the First, in the 18 th and 31 ft Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edin the County of Warwick, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the , Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

_>ogIe

4i Geo. III.

Aprilis.

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scotch Spirit* Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill,reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, for a further Time to be limited, the Distillation of Spirits in from Me-

lasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Cony be added to the Gentlemen,

added itohring wh0 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill upon BowticsBui. the Ilefolution reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 24th Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions.

Bill presented. Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats Indian Meal, and Whearen Flour and Rice; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

dated Fund of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for defraying the following Services; viz.

Bill respecting Mills, passed.

Reporton Annual Charge of Public Services in Ireland*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully ancF riotously assembled, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of defraying the Annual Charge of several permanent Public Services in Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is asfolloweth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the several. Annual Sums herein after-mentioned shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consoli-V'ol.

English. Irish;

To the Prench Conformist Minister of the United Congregation of Saint £. /. d. £. s. d.

Patrick's, Dublin - - - 138 9 3 i$o — —

To the French Minister at Cork - - 92 6 2 100 — —

To the French Minister at LJburn - - 55 7 8i 60 — —

To the French Minister at Dundalk - 5S 7 8* 60

To the French Minister at Junes Shannon 55 7 8* 60 — —

To the French Minister at Waterford 46 3 1 50

To the French Minister at Portarlington To the Minister of the Congregation 46 3 1 SO

of Get man Protestants in Dublin To the Ordinary or Chaplain to the New Prison in Dublin, for visiting the Sick Prisoners in the several 46 3 1 5°

Trifons in Dublin ----- - To the Rector of the Parish of Saint Paul, in Dublin, for attending the *8 9 3 20 — —

Sick in the Barracks of Dublin - -To the Chaplain attending the Prisoners in the Four Courts Marfialfea 73 5 3* V 79 7 3

in Dublin - -- -- - To the Chaplain of the Garrison of 48 16 10 52 18

Charlcmont - -- -- -To the Under Library Keeper of Marjl's Library at Saint Patrick's, 39 1 6 42 6 7

Dublin - -- -- --To the Vicar of Cafknock, in lieu of Tythe and Glebe Land in the 27 13 iof 30

Phoenix Park, near Dublin - - -To the Minister of Saint James's Pa- 46 16 II 5° »S ~1

rish, Dublin, for the like Purpose -To the Vicar of Saint Andrew's Pa* rish, in Dublin, in lieu of Minister's Money, for Houses and Grounds xx x 6 12 — —

where the Parliament House stands To the Rest or of Saint Mtc han't Parish, Dublin, for Minister's Money, for Houses where the Courts of }7 17 4t et

Justice are built To the Archbishop , of Dublin, for Proxies out of divers Churches belonging to the late Mnnafteries of Saint Thomas, Saint Mary, and Saint John of Jerusalem, in the See of 9 10 3 10 6 2

Dublin - -- To the Bishop of Meath, out of the 16 17 4 18 5 6

Manor of Trim ----- - To the Dean and Chapter and Vicars 3 93 3 15 ~

Choral of Christ Church, Dublin -To the Physician attending the Sick 43 »3 *0 47 6 8

in the New Prison, Dublin - - -To the Local Commissioners of the Lagan Navigation, in lieu of a Duty on Beer and Ale, formerly granted to them in certain Paris of the 184 12 3f 2C0 — —

District of Lijburn - - - - -To be applied to pay Major General Valiancy, after the Rate of 15/. per Day, during the Time he ft)a 11 be employed in the Military Survey of 76S

Ireland - -- -- --To the Clerk, Uftter, and Assistants, in the Counsel Office in Dublin, to make good their Loss of Emolu- 260 10 ij 282 4 3$

ment - - To the Lord Mayor and Citizens of 333 7 361 3 6*

Dublin ----- ---- To the Provost and Fellows of Trinity 738 9 3 800 — —

College, Dublin - - - - - -To the said Provost and Fellows, for the Professor of the French and German Languages in the said Col- 358 16 u 388 is —

lege - 92 6 2 100 — —

3U

T*

Googh

A. 1801*

The Lords have agreed to

Peterborough Roads Bill.

Littlebury Inclosure BjD, with Amend* ments.

Creflingham Inclosurt Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have pa (fed Hooffstetter's Nat. Bill.

Papers re-

i'pecting the Convention for the Evacuation of pre-

knted.

as8

jlprilis.

English. Irish.

To the Frovoft and Fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, for the Professor of the Sptmtfi and Italian Languages £. s. d. £

in the said College - - - - -To the Royal Irifi Academy, for Rent 92 6 2. IOO — —

of a House To the Attendant on the Nautical 107 13 6 Il6 13

Observatory ----- -- For Rent of Ground near Carried 48 16 IO 52 l8

fergus Castle ----- -- To be applied in paying the necessary Allowances to certain Officers from Ireland attending during the Session of Parliament in London, and to such other Officers ay may be employed in preparing Proceedings, and attending to Business in Parliament *4 18 7f 16 3 6

relating to Ireland - - - 2000 — — 2166 13 4

for dividing,

N° 5. Mr. Smith's and Sir Sidney Smith's Full Powers: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Instructions to Sir Sidney Smith and Mr. Smith.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table# to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessiom

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Cony, Lord Viscount and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year

Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Creffmgham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain open and inclosed Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Crejfing/iam, in the said County; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hooffstetter; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

The Lord Hawkejlury presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Secret Order to Vice Admiral Lord Keith, dated 15th December 1799- And also,

N° 2. Secret Order to Vice Admiral Lord Keith, dated 28th March 1800: And also,

N° 3. Convention pour l'Evacuation de I'Egypte: And also,

N° 4. Translatioti of the Convention for the Evacuation of Egypt: And also,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing tire Gross and Net Produce of tire Port and Inland Revenue of for the Year ended 25th March 1800, exclusive of the Duties on Malt, Home-made Spirits, and on Spirits imported, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity cf Raw Sugar imported into Ireland, in tire Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon, be* referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of refined Sugar imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Tons of Coals imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March jSoo, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Pounds of Tea imported into Ireland,in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Pounds of Pepper imported into Ireland,in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits diddled in Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross Produce of Revenue thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Instant resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole l louse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for lessening the Burthen of Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes on Fallows intended for Wheat, during the prcl'ent Scarcity, be now read;

"It passed in the Negative.

Mr.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Accounts re-l'pecting Ireland, re; ferred.

Port and Inland Revenue;

Raw Sugar.

RefinedSugar.

Coals.

Tea*

Pepper*

Spirit*.

Motion respecting the Bill for leii'en-ing the Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes.

(N'S-)

Papers relative to the State of Ireland, See. presented.

deferred to a

Committee of Secrecy.

iTo be chosen by Ballot#

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copies, and Extracts of Papers, containing Secret Information received by His Majesty's Government relative to the State of Ireland, and to the Proceedings of certain disaffected Persons in both Parts of the United Kingdom, sealed up.

Resolved, That the said Papers be referred to a Committee.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That the Number of thft said Committee be Twenty-one.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Twenty-one Names, to be th£ said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for,-as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Ordered, That the said Papers be kept by the Clerk of this House, sealed as they now are, until the said Committee be chosen.

N. B. The said Papers were afterwards returned into the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Manning have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing the several Acts ne w in Force, for preventing the Combination ol Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rot her hit in ',in the County of and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes;-and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 21 ft Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° d Apr His j

Dnvsnprinted

i\n' Stvoiul Re.-'of hu ci^ting Coab.

Supply defer- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to red' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Instant ,resolve itself into the said Committee.

ondDu-le-" The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bui,"1 deferred, resolve itfclfinto aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for leffcn-ing the Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes, put off for £ix Months.

' The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for lessening the Burthen of Poor Rates, by encouraging the Growth of Potatoes on Fallows intended for Wheat, during the present Scarcity;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

22.

Tellers for the Noes,

) Mr. OJ

40.

I Sir William Elf or d;

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Innkftpr-s Ordered, 'Hut Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill, ordered, increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Kir. Addington, and Mr. Bra gge,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 56. ' ,

Anno 41® Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. John Fane presented to the House, according pniyton into Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- cloiureBiii, doling, the Open and Common Field, and other Com- prelemed‘ monable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford 1 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House, according to Reacting

Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening,- Ria-lS diverting, and improving, the Road leading from'

Reading, in the County of Berks,to Bast ay stoke, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do make the Bm-oh and Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Biiiockby in-dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring, cSgeBili, the Open Fields, Marth Lands, Commons, Fens, and reported. Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Biiiockby, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Sir Martin Browne Fo/kes accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to' the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates allefled to the Land Tax at £.34. 10 s.who refused to lign the Bill, and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £.144. who were neuter; and that the whole Property to be affected by the Bill is allefled to the Land Tax at £.656.; and that no Perl'on appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second

260 20 Aprilis. A. 1801.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the . House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Praed be added to the Gentle-Quaintonfn^ men wh° are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a cloture Bill- Bill, pursuant to the Prayer or the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of , in the County of Buckingham.

Qappiiburrh, Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com-dwi, reported! mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of and

ham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happifburgh, was committed; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to thfe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.39. es. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interallied in the Inclosure is assessed to the land Tax at £.869. ioj.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the . House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Downturn - A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain rn^fM«ll Open Field, and other Lands, within the several Parishes committed, ' of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Act ley,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete tire Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Butchers of the Borough of Berwick Petitions of upon Tweed, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also, Newcastle.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Butchers residing and trading in the Town and County of upon and North and South Shields, in the Vicinity thereof;

Were leveraly presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ad Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horle Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of ltaw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allega- >

tions to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying. That the said Act may be repealed, or otherwise, that such Relief in the ‘.Premises may be granted, as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House wras moved, That the Report which, upon R^orton Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Landlords, Owners, and Occupiers Petition, read, of Houses, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, within anti the several Parishes of Christchurch and Saint Mary, f^Sce*. of

Whitechapel,in the County of Middwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex, and at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, in the said County of Middlesex, and Three Times in some Newspaper published in the said County, in the present Month of April, of the Application to Parliament, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Quainton Tn- Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to wxfcntfd'."' Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quainton, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Maicifmorton Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to inclosure Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open p.eientt ' and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidf-morton, and the Hamlets of Gawcolt and -

End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Craml June- Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to BM? ^r«iimt ^rc^cr» a bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors ti.,1>r* 1 of the Or ana junction Canal more effectually to provide

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sad- Petitions of lers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and ^faLeominster using of Leather, in the Borough of And also, and Kingston

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Skinners, Shoe- upon Hull> makers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Kingston upon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Accounts pre-

ffom the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in fcatedi

England

Arrears and Balances.

CttAoms*

IK

Excite.

Assefled

Taxes.

Land Revenue.

IK

41 Geo. III. V Aprilis. i,6i

England and Scotland respectively, the Office for Affairs OrThat the said Account? do lie Upon the

of Taxes, the Office of the Auditor of the Land Re- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

venue for England, and the Office of the Auditor of The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other

the Principality of Wales) attended at the Door; he Papers of this Session.

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

pursuant to their Orders, A MefTige by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Afoot

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears Black Rod: toBi 4.

and Current Balances due, on the 5th January 1801, Mr. Speaker,

from the Officers of the Customs in England, from the The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's 5th January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the,im-of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the are employed, the Sums originally due from them, House of Peers, to hear the Commission read, and when; and the Amounts and Dates of the Pay- Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up ments which have been made in Discharge thereof: to the House of Peers.

And also; And being returned;

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire and Current Balances due, on the 5th January 1801, of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's from the Officers of the Customs in that Part of Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House Great Britain called Scotland,from the 5th January 1774, of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal late and present Officers, the Names of such Officers, Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein, and in what Situations they were or are employed; the mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness Sums originally due from them, and when, and the the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been York, His Royal Highness the Duke of , Hi9

made in Discharge thereof: And also. Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears the Duke of Cumberland, His-Royal Highness the Duke' and Current Balances due, on the 5th January 1801, of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the from the Officers of Excise in England, from the 5th Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to de-<

January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; clareand notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord of such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what High Chancellor, and the Lord Wnamed Capacity, they are or were employed; the Sums origi- also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare nally due from them, and when, and the Amount and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills:'Which and the Dates of the Payments which have been made Bills are as followeth; .

in Discharge thereof: And also, An Act for reviving and continuing, until the First

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, and Current Balances due, on the 5th of January 1801, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and from the Receivers General of the Land and Assessed Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Taxes ip Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for relate and present Receivers, the Names of such Re- viving, continuing, until Six Weeks after the Com-ceivers, and for what Places they are or were Receivers; mencement of the next Session of Parliament, and the Sums originally due, and when, and the Amount amending, an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of and Dates of the Payments which have been made in the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Discharge thereof: And also, Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears Britain in Neutral Ships; for reviving and continuing, and Current Balances due, on the 5th of January 1801, until the Fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hun-from the several Persons employed in collecting the dred and Four, and from thence until the Expiration Land Revenues of the Crown in England, from the 5th of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-distinguishing the late and present Officers, their Names, seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and for what Branches or Districts they are or were authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respect-employed; the Balances due from them respectively ing the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of upon the last making up of their Accounts, and the Good Hope-, and for reviving, and making perpetual.

Periods to which the same were computed; the an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Amount of their subsequent Receipts, and the Amount His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in ob-and Dates of the Payments which have been since made structing, destroying, of damaging Ships, and in ob-in Discharge of their said Arrears and Balances: And structing Seaman and others from pursuing their lawful also, Occupations:

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears An Act to extend, until the Twenty-ninth Day of and Current Balances due, on the5th January 1801, from September One thousand Eight Hundred and One, the the several Persons employed in receiving or collecting Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Wales, and the the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act County of Monmouth, from the 5th of January 1774, so " for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regu-far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the late " lation of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and and present Officers, their Names, and for what Branches " Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom," and for or Districts they are or were employed; the Balances encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and due from them respectively, upon the last making up Common Field Lands: _ <

of their Accounts, and the Periods to which the same An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, were computed; the Amount of their subsequent Re- the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the ceipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments City of Canterbury:

which have been since made in Discharge of their said An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Arrears and Balances. Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road, on

And then he withdrew. Cur dr Age Common, in the Parish of Bishops IValtham, to

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near , in

Vol. 56, 3 x the

262 2b Aprilis:A. 1801.

the Parish of Weffmeon, with a Branch from the said by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Road, on Corhompton Down, to the Village of Corhamp-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

ton,all in the County of Southampton: " the Enfranchisement. of Copyhold and Customary An Act for continuing the Term, and rendering more " Lands, Parcel of the Manor of and other

effectual, Two Acts, made in the Second and Eleventh " Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing " Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes and widening the High Road leading from the North " also entailed by the said Act," in order to facilitate End of Ballingden Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned:

Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the An Act for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on

said County; and also for repairing and widening the the Estates in the County of Northumberland, deviled by High Road leading from the Place where the said South the Will of Henry Esquire, in Trustees, for cer-

Gate formerly flood, to the Place where the North Gate tain Purpol'es therein mentioned:

in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly flood: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, feve- Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Com-ral Roads in the County of Carmarthen: ' mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- Wee don,in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Buckingham:

Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pal-and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present tures, Commonable Places, and Wastes, within the Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Manor and Township of in the West

the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Touting, and Riding of the County of 2:

from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Dillon, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

in the County of Surrey, and for amending, widening. Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Com-and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike monable Lands and \Valle Grounds, within the Manor 'Road at Ewell, acrols Ewell Common Fields, to the and Township of ll'hixlev, in the Parish of , in

Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said the West Riding of the County of Tcrk:

County: An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

An Act for continuing and amending Twro Acts, le- Arable Fields, Stinted Failures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, verally passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Commonable Lands, and Walle Grounds, within the his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of

Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, York:

for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Borough ot Launceston,in the County of Cornwall; and Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels of

also fol-extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Ground called The ,or and

Road leading Irom the West Gate, under Madford,in Wood, within the several Townships of and the Borough of Launcejion aforesaid, by Docacre, to the Witton-Gilb and in the several Manors ot and North Gate, in the same Borough: Lanchester,in the County Palatine of Durham; and for An Act for altering, widening, and repairing, the extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor to the Intercommon Lands within the several Townships of Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Wal- Frannvelgatand Witton Gilbert aforesaid: derjhare\and also the Road from the present Turnpike An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Road, leading from Dovor to Barham Downs, up Kerfney Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and Com-Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beattsffeld,mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons,

in the County of Kent: and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Faff Harling,

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from in the County of Norfolk: thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the feve-the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two ral Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons,

Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the llcign of and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Bromwich, the County of Stafford:

Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram:

for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of An Act for naturalizing

Bridgeivater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads An Act for naturalizing Peter

therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the An Act for naturalizing Henry lEalther.

said Roads leading to the said Town :.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and amend RcfolvThat this House will, at the Riling of the Houserefolve* the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the First, Second, House this Day, adjourn till Sevennight, the *^urn to

and Twentieth-Years of the Reign of His present Ma- 13th Day of this Iallant April. Sevennight.

jesty King George the Third, for amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from FishertonOrdered, That the Order of the Day, for the Mem- Ballot for Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in bers to prepare Lifts, to be put into dalles, of Twenty- of

Weff Knoyle, and several other Roads therein mentioned, one Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy, in the County of Wilts: ordered Yesterday by the Houl'c to be appointed, be

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and now read, from thence to the End of the then next Session of And the said Order being read accordingly;

Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Cham-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the bers, and Places adjacent, and i'ummon the Members Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His there to attend the Service of the House, present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road And he went accordingly, from the City of Peterborough, through Ound/eand And being returned;

Thrapffon, to Wellingborough,in the County of North- The Order, made Yesterday, directing the Method of

ampton, and for repairing and widening several other putting the said Lifts into Glades, was read.

Roads, near or adjoining the reto: Then the Names of the Members being called over.

An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given according to that Order, those who then appeared ieverally

Report Ways and Means:

Rtspecting Ireland and Lotteries.

Excess of for-Bier Grants.

Duties on Tea repealed.

Kew Duty thereon.

Additional Duty on lugar.

D®.

D*.

41 Geo. III. 2* Aprilis.

severally put the Lifts by them prepared into the Glafies at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the Lifts by them prepared into the said Glafies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Perl'ons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Long, Mr. Hi/eyAdditigton, Sir Robert , Mr. Corry,

Air. John Fane, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Martin of Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. James and Air.

William Dundas, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied such Part of the Aids or Supplies granted by the Parliament of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Service of the Year ending at Lady Day One thousand Eight hundred and One, as shall exceed the Proportion of the said Aids or Supplies, from the 25th Day of March 1800, to the ill Day of January 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on Tea, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, do ceal'e and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid upon all Tea imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Duties following; that is to say, if such Tea shall have been purchased at any Sale or Sales of the East India Company in,

at a Price not exceeding Two Shillings and Six Pence, British,per Pound Weight, a Duty ot Twenty Pounds, Irish currency, per Centum on such Price; and, if such Tea shall have been purchased as aforesaid, at a Price exceeding Two Shillings and Six Pence, British, per Pound Weight, a Duty of Thirty-five Pounds, Currency, per Centum on such Price.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid on all Alufcovado, or Clayed Sugar, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Two Shillings, Irift Currency, for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing One Hundred and Twelve Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, of all Sugar, called Bartards, White, or Ground, being of the Manufacture of Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Two Shillings, Irish Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon ever}- Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, of all Sugar, called Lumps, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom, called Ireland, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence, Irish Currency.

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, g^Jr>°" there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, of all Sugar, called Single Loaf Sugar, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Four Shillings, Irish Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*. That, towards raising the Supply granted tp His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds of all Sugar, called Powder Loaf, and Double Leaf, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, Irish Currency. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. Tlpit, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, ot all Sugar, called Sugar Candy Brown, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence, Irish Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Hundred Weight, containing One Hundred and Twelve Pounds, of all Sugar, called Sugar Candy White, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Four:

Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, of all Sugar, refined, of any other Sort, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, Irish Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Duty on there shall be paid on every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of all BritisliCoals imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, an additional Duty of Ten Pence and Fourteen-twentieth Parts of a Penny, Irish Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowing a That a Drawback of the said Duties on Tea, Sugar, and Coals, be allowed on the Exportation thereof, from that ties.

Part of the United Kingdom called.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, spirits. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be levied and paid for and upon every Gallon of Spirits, or Strong Waters, made in Britain from 'Sugar, or Sugar Wall), and imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, a Duty of Four Shillings and Eleven Pence and Three-eighth Parts of a Penny, Irish Currency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, c®.

That the Duty of Three Shillings and Seven Pence Irish,

Currency, now' payable on every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Sugar within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Sale, do ceal'e and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be charged a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence, Irish Currency, upon every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Spirits, made and distilled in that Part

of

Repealing the Drawback on Sugar uled for Wash.

trish Lottery.

British Lot* fcry.

264 2* Apritis. A. 1801.

of the United Kingdom called ,from Sugar, or Sugar Wash.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Drawback now allowed on Sugar, which shall be used in making Sugar Waffi, shall be no longer paid, or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be established, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, one or more Lottery, or Lotteries, upon such Scheme or Schemes of Prizes, and under such further and other Regulations, Powers, and Provisions, necdl'ary for carrying the same into Execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven Hundred and One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds be raised by Way, of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty Thousand Tickets, at Fourteen Pounds and Six Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 10th Day of this Instant dpril make a Deposit with the Caftiier of the Bank of England of One Pound and Six Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the tuture Payments to the said Cashier on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say,

£.1. os. on or before the 10th Day of July next;

£.2. os. on or before the 28th Day of next;

£.2. os. on or before the 23d Day of October next;

£.3. 1 or. on or before the 18th Day of December next; and

£.3. 10 s.on or before the 22d Day of January 1802. And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1801, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 31 ft Day of July 1802, as soon as Certificates can be made

out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services, for Great Britain, as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Seven Hundred and One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds, at any Time on or before the 17th Day of December 1801, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per , on the Sums so completing his or her Contribution, respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 22d Day of January 1802.

The First Eighteen Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The fuWequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out, after the Words " consist of," the Word "Fifty," and inferring the Word " Sixty," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word "Fifty," (land Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Sixty," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative;

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Words " Fourteen " Pounds and Six Pence," and inserting the Words " Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Fourteen Pounds and Six Pence," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words "Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out, after the Words " One " Pound and, " the Words " Six Pence," and inserting the Words " Three Shillings and Nine Pence," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Six "Pence," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three "Shillings and Nine Pence," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Words "Two " Pounds," and inserting the Words " One Pound Ten " Shillings," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " Two Pounds," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " One Pound Ten Shillings," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the next Words "Two " Pounds," and inserting the Words " One Pound Ten " Shillings," instead thereof.

' And the Question being put, That the Words "Two " Pounds," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " One Pound Ten Shillings," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the next Words, " Two Pounds," and inserting the Words " One Pound "Ten Shillings," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "Two " Pounds," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words "One Pound Ten Shillings," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the First Words " Three " Pounds," and inserting the Words " Two Pounds," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three Pounds," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Two " Pounds," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven Hundred and One Thousand Two Hundred and

Fifty

Aprilis.

*6$

Order for further considering Report of Printed Stuffs Duties Bil), discharged.

Fifth Report from Committee on Prorifojis#

Fifty Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Sixty thoul'and Tickets, at Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the fame, shall,' on or before the 10th Day of this lnstant April, make a Deposit with the Cashier of the Bank of England, of One Pound and Three Shillings and Nine Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashier, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say,

£.1.ios. on or before the 10th Day of July next;

j£.x. ios. on or before the 28th Day of next;

£.i» ios. on or before the 23d Day of next;

£.2. ios. on or before the 1 Sth Day of December next j and

£.3. 10s. on or before the 22.d Day of January 1802. And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1801, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 31st Day of July 1802, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services for Great Britain, as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Seven Hundred and One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds, at any Time on or before the 17th Day of December 1801, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum ter Annum, on the Sums lo completing his or her Contribution, respe&ivdy, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 2 2d Day of January 1802.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the Firfi: Eighteen of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cony, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Cajflereagh, Mr. Abbot, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the fub-sequent Resolution of the said Committee, as agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Bond, Lord George Thynne, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Linens and Stuffs printed in, or imported into, Great Britain, from Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That none of the Money to be advanced upon Loan to Von. 56.

Parishes, or Townships, shall be granted, unless where the Commissioners are satisfied that the Parish, or Township, applying for Relief, is absolutely unable to prevent extreme Distress, without some Assistance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the intended Relief should be confined to Parishes and Places, in which the Total Produce of the Rate, levied for the Year ending at Easter 1801, shall have exceeded considerably the Produce of the Rate for the Year ending at Easter 1800; and that no greater Slim be advanced for Relief in the Current Quarter, than Three Fourths of the Sum by which the Sum expended in the Relief of the Poor, in the Quarter immediately preceding, exceeded the Sum expended in the Quarter ending at Easter 1800; but, that a Power ought to be given to depart frorfl the Rules contained in this Resolution, in extraordinary Cafes, which will not admit of an Adherence to them; provided nevertheless, that such Departure never takes place without the Reasons on which it is founded being regularly recorded in Writing, by those who have the Management of the Fund, out of which Relief is to be granted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, praying for Relief on the Behalf of any Parish, or Township, should be required to prepare a Statement, setting forth the Amount of the Rental, according to which the Poors Rate is levied, specifying whether that Rate is levied on the full Rack Rent, and, if not, specifying what Proportion the Rental on which that Rate is raised, bears to the full Rack Rent; also, setting forth the Sums raised by the Poors Rate in each of the Five last Years, and in the last Quarter immediately preceding the Application for Relief, and in the Quarter ending at Easter 1800; also the Increase of the Number of the Poor, and the Decrease of the Number of those who have actually paid to the Rates in the course of the last Year, compared with the preceding Year, the Reasons of the Decrease of the Number of those who pay to the Rates, the Nature of the Employments followed by the different Descriptions of the Poor, and the Degree in which the Poor are able to obtain Employment, and, if employed, whether their Earnings are dimini(he4 or increased, and in what Proportion; and that fuqh Statements should be subscribed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the Neighbourhood, declaring, under their Signatures, that they believe the Statements to be true; and that the respective Parishes, or Townships, are absolutely unable to prevent extreme Distress by any legal Measures in their Power; and that thf Statements so subscribed, should be sent, together with such Observations and Explanations, as such Justices may think it right to give, to the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury, or to such Commissioners as they may apppoint, for receiving the fame; and that such Lords of the Treasury, or Commissioners, should be empowered to require from the said Overseers and Churchwardens, or Justices, any further Information they may think requisite, and to advance such Sums to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of those several Parishes and Townships, which, in their Judgment, ought to be relieved, as shall appear to them requisite and advisable, and confident with the former Resolution relative to the Amount of Relief to be granted. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or One of them, should give Vouchers for the Sums so received, and that the said Sums should be repaid by the Parishes receiving the same respectively, by Ten Half Yearly Instalments, the First Instalment to be paid at Lady Day 1804, at furthest; and that the Instalments for repaying the said Sums, should be raised like the Poors Rate, by a proportionate Levy on those who pay to that Rate in each Parish, or Township; and

3 Y that

2° Aprilis.

j4. 1801.

that the Commissioners of the Land Tax should direct the said Instaments to be raised on receiving Warrants from the Lords of the Treasury, or from the Commissioners appointed by them; and that the Commissioners of the Land Tax should be invested with the same Powers and Authorities for enforcing the Payment of such Instaiments, and employ the fame, or similar Agents for that Purpose, as they now possess and employ, for raising the Land Tax.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Innkeeper's Mr. Secretary at War, presented to the House, ac-BiU.presente cording to Order, a Bill for increaling the Rates of Subsidence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April.

make and give such Orders and Dire<£h'ons touching the Matters before them, and award such Colts to either Party, as to them shall seem expedient; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final, and shall not be removed, or removeable, by ,or other-

wife; but, in case no such Notice shall be given, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such letting out of the said Roads or Highways, by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesdry Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House-

Mr. Cot'ry presented to the House, according to Order, Bill forde-

a Bill for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money, for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services, rent service* in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland: And in Ireland» the same was received; and read the First Time. pre ente ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April.

Report re Burdon reported from the Committee, appointed spe&ingRoads *° consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative in indoiure to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out or the altering of public Roads, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had examined into the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Bills for Inclosures, there be inserted a Clause, by which the Commissioners shall be required to set out the public Roads and Highways in such Directions, as shall, upon the Whole, appear to them most commodious for the Public, and to give Notice of the general Lines of such intended Roads, in some one Newspaper of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed in that County, then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, as soon as may be after the setting out of such Roads, appointing, in the same Notice, a Meeting of the Commissioners, to be held at some convenient Place in, or near to, the Parish or Township within which the Inclosures are to be made, and not sooner than Ten Days from the giving such Notice; at which Meeting, any Person or Persons, who may be dissatisfied with the setting out of the said public Roads and Highways, may attend, to state to the said Commissioners his or their Objections, who shall be required to hear and examine such Objections} and if the said Commissioners, at their said Meeting, shall refuse to alter the said public Road or Roads, or Highways, (to which Objections shall have been stated) to the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons objecting thereto, then the Person or Persons so dissatisfied shall be entitled to appeal against all or any of such public Roads or Highways, to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, within Four Calendar Months next after such Meeting of the Commissioners as aforesaid, giving Notice, in Writing, to such Commissioners, of the Intention to appeal within Ten Days after such Meeting, and entering into Recognizance, with sufficient Sureties, before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, to try the said Appeal; and that the said Commissioners, or One of them, or their Surveyor, or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions; and the Justices in Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads or Highways, so appealed against, shall be made, and shall

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Com Reading of the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland, of Wheat, Bai ley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal/ and Wheaten Flour and Rice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* Account of the actual and estimated Expence of col- Exp^Kt'of lecting the Tax on Income, for the Years 1799 and coiieaing the X 800. Income Tax.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an DutyonHops. Account of the Duty on Hops grown in Great Britain, in the Year 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Consolidated Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Con- Fund' folldated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th of April 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty of 4f Account of the several Charges upon the Fund arising "

from the Duties of Four and a Half pe Centum, in Bar-badeesand the Leeward Islands, together with the Dates of the different Charges.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Penflons Account of all Pensions granted since the ift of January granted Cnee 1797, with the Names of the Persons to whom granted, *797' and the Amount of each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Permanent Account of the Net Produce of the permanent 'faxes of Taxes.

Great Britain, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801 j distinguishing each Quarter, and the Taxes imposed in each Year, since the Year 1792.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bank Note*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^^l.with. upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the a7her*or-Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Promift'ory Notes, dered.

Bank Poll Bills, and Bills of Exchange;

And the House being informed that it was proposed to restrain the Provisions of the said Bill, to Bank Notes, '

Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills; and that

it

it would therefore be more convenient to withdraw the said Bill, and prclent another Bill instead thereof;

Ordered, That the said Order be dilchaiged.

Ordered, That Leave be eiven to withdraw the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more cfieltuaily preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Lxehange, and Bank Poll Bills: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Samuel 'Thornton, and Mr. Bra we, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

importation of Resolve d, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-

East[ndicsthe n'S^r» the igth Day cf this Inllant April, resolve itself into Ireland, in to a Committee of the whole House, to consider of to beconsider- making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and for authorizing the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

West Deeping Mr. Fyner presented to the House, according to tonTncloufre 0-^cr> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Bill,preitnted. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of West Deeping and Tallington,in the County of Lincoln And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolve'd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

frlkirk Rond* Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom 1 , reported. tj,e jgjj| for regulating, making, and repairing, the High Roads in the County o was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direlled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One J and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Fllefmere A Bill to authorize the Company of Proprietors of

committed. B'e El/efmereCanal to extend the liticf Canal from the

Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New , in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of to, and to commu-

nicate with, the Ckefter Canal in the Township of in the Parish of A£lon, in the County of and for

altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Stuart, Sir William Vulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lamefley and Sir Ralph Miibankepresented to the House, according doture Bit!]" to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

Prelented. certain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, called

Blackburn Fell, Burden Moor, Healey Fell, Kibblefioorth Common, and Bern,nip EastMoor, otherwise Blackburn Fell,

RavevjveorthTown Fields, and Ravenf South Faf.ure,

within the Chapelries ot and Tanfield, or the one

of them, in the Parish of Chcjler-le-Street, and County of Durham :And the same was received; and read the First True.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

MaHftone _ Sir Matthew Bloxam reported from the Committee, Ounlrenorted to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

V01. 56.

Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the 31st Year of -His present Majesty, for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pallages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone,in the County of Kent, for improving,

and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, hacl been complied with, so far as relates to the Notices directed to be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Michaelmas lull; but that no Notices were published in the Newspapers, it not having been finally determined upon by the Commissioners to apply to Parliament until it was too late to give the Notices as required by the said Standing Orders, although they had determined to apply to Parliament, ih Time, to give the above Notice at the Quarter Sessions; that certain Doubts have arilen as to ascertaining the Limits of the Rateable Property in the said Town, and that, in consequence of those Doubts having been entertained, the Produce of the Rates, which the Commissioners were by the said Act authorized to lay, hath proved so defective, as to render it impossible for them to execute the Works required to be done by the said Act; and that, until those Doubts can be eiTeciually removed, by the Aid of Parliament, Bills to a large Amount due to divers Workmen, who had been employed by the said Commissioners, mull remain unsatisfied, and the Works intended to be done by the said Act, for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the Town of Maidstone, and of all Persons retorting to, and passing through, the fame, mud remain incomplete; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Stephen Lamprey being examined, said. That the Commiftlooers have proceeded to carry the said A<5k into Execution, and made great Progress therein: That the Monies raised by the Authority of the said All have been duly applied, but the same being found insufficient, the Commissioners have not been able t6 complete the good Purposes of the said All 1 That it is expedient the Powers and Provisions of the said All fiboukl be explained, amended, and enlarged, particularly in order to ascertain, with due Precision, the Limits of the said Town: That the Sum of £. 6,800, or thereabouts, is due upon Bond for Money borrowed on the Credit of the Rates, together with a large Arrear of Interest thereon, besides various Sums of Money due to Workmen, Tradesmen, and others employed under the Direction of the said Commissioners, who fuffier great Inconvenience and Injury by not being paid, but who, the Commissioners, from the Deficiency in their Funds, find themselves wholly unable to satisfy. — And the Witness added, That it is also expedient that Power should be given to raise a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Rates, and that it is necessary the Rates themselves should be increased.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. James Lozvther presented to the House, accord- Cockermouth ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and ?nd w<£k-. Powers, of Two Alts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign Bifl'prclcntedv of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of

Cumberlandj

Petition of

Proprietors ot Linds, againtfc Stan-ground In closure, &c. Bill.

Petition of Wharfingers, tec. against Croydon and Kctherhithe Canal Bill.

j

A. 1801.

Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, l'o far as the same relate to the Road between the down of and

Workington aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petirioh of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors or Occupiers of Commonable Messuages or Cottages in Wltittle fey, in the Isle of in the County of Cambridge, or Inhabitants of Whitllefey aforesaid, being Proprietors or Occupiers of certain Lands there, having Right of Common in, and over, a certain Tra<ft of Land called Northey, or Northea within the Parish of Stanground with Farcet, in the Counties of and

Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, within the said Parish of Stanground with Farcet-, and Setting

O m O

forth, That the Petitioners and others, having such Right as aforesaid, are exclusively entitled to flock and departure with all their Commonable Cattle, according to certain Stints or Limitations, the said Tract of Land called Northey, or Northeau (being Part of the Lands pre-posed to be divided and inclosed by the said Bill) from Michaelmas Day, according to the Old Stile, in every Year, until Wednesday in Eafc Week in the following Year; and that it is intended by the said Bill, that the Right of the Petitioners and others, so entitled in the said Tract of Land, shall be taken away, and that in lieu thereof there shall be allotted and set out to them such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, of the fameTradt of Land, as the Commissioners to be appointed in and by the said Bill shall adjudge and determine; and that the Rights of Common of the Petitioners and others, entitled as aforesaid, extending over the said Tract of Land, belongs to a very great Number of Persons, and the Petitioners conceive it would be very injurious to the Persons entitled thereto, if the said Tracft of Land should be divided and inclosed, and the Petitioners, and others having such Right thereon, should be, by the said Bill, deprived of the Common of Pasture they now enjoy, or are intitled to, in and over the fame: And therefore praying; That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and interest, and that they may have such Relief in the Premifls, as to the house shall fecin meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the >ame lime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have V oices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Wharfingers, Lightermen, and others, rciident in the Cities of London and,

Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in consequence of the very considerable Trade now and heretofore carried on by Means of the Tide Navigation of the River Thames between the Metropolis and the Town of Wandsworth,in Surrey, the Petitioners have

ereeled, or are become the Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs, Quays, Granaries, and Warehouses, on both Banks of the said River, and of Barges, Craft, and other Vessels, uied in the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize on the lame, and they have great Reason

to apprehend that, if a Bill now pending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from Croydon to Rot her-hithe, in the County of Surrey, shall be passed into a Law, and that the said proposed Canal shall be established and used, it will be of the moll serious Detriment and Injury to their Property, by diverting away a great Part of the Trade from its usual, regular, and natural Channel, to the great Loss of the 'Petitioners and their Families: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, and by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may aft'eft them, and that the same may not pal's as it now stands; but that such Clauses and Provisions may be inflated therein as may be necessary and proper to protect the Property of the Petitioners from Injury.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rot her hit he, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon,

Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood,

in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel,

Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committecruporl their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Batthamtn-and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balsham, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrolfcd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hoofs»tetter*« for naturalizing Daniel Hcoffstetter, was read the First N»t. Bill,t«»d. Time.

Refined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Bill (now ingrafted) for granting an additional Scotch Spirit* Duty on Engliffj Spirits imported into Scotland, and for Blil» allowing, for a furtherTimc to be limited, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an additional Duty on Spirits imported into Scotland; and for allowing, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Bank Note* ing to Order, a Bill for the more efleitually preventing Bilhprctemed. the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr.

2° — 13° Jprilis.

2(5 9

Rtportof Mr. Bragge reported irom the Committee, who were the'commit^* appointed to examine the Lifts of Twenty-one Persons tte of Secrecy. Names to be the Committee of Secrecy, ordered Y efterday by the House to be appointed, and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority fell, That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

The Right honourable Henry Addington - - 151

The Right honourable William Pitt - - 149

Sir Edward Law - - 149

The Lord Hawkesbury - -- ----148

William Wilberforce, Esquire - - - - 147

The Honourable Spencer Perceval - , - - - 146

The Right honourable l/aac Carry - - - 146

Lord Viscount Cajller - - - 145

Char lei Abbots Esquire ----- -- 145

The Right honourable Henry - - 144

Charles Bragge, Esquire - -- --142

The Right honourable Char lei 7'orke - - - 142

John Blackburne, Esquire ----- -142

Lord Viscount'Co/e --- ---- - 141

The Right honourable Thomas Pelham - - 141

The Right honourable John Beresford - - 141

Sir Robert John Buxton, Baronet - - - - 141

Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire - - - - 140

Rowland Bur don, Esquire - - - - 137

The Earl oi Yarmouth ----- - - 129

The Right honourable Theopkilus Jones - - 113

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Papers, which were presented to the House Yesterday, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and ordered to remain, sealed up, in the Custody of the Clerk of this House until the said Committee was cholen, be delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Committee; and that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, and to report from Time to Time, and have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

.Further Certain other Papers, being Copies and Extracts of

rive'to the Papers, containing Secret Information received by His state of ire- Majesty's Government, relative to the State of Ireland,

pre* antl to riie Proceedings of certain disaffected Persons in "e ' both Parts of the United Kingdom, faded up.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Papers be kept by the Clerk of this House, sealed as they now are, and delivered by him to the said Committee.

N. B. The said Papers were afterwards returned into the Office of H is Majesty's Secretary of State.

Report from Mr. Bragge reported from the Select Committee, who appo'inted'o were appointed to examine the Journals of this House, examine Pre- and Records of Parliament, for Precedents, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House, and to report the same to the House, That the Committee had made l'uch Examination, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House*

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B, A printed Copy is with the Original.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 13 th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna> 130 die Aftrilis;

Anno 41* Georgii III111 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A

cedents*

BILL for continuing the Term, and enlarging Nether Bridge

_____the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year Roads Bill,

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the comnutted* Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Millthrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near ClawthropHall, in the County aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Lowther, Sir William Lozvther, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers, of Two Cock«mouth Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late and Working Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of ^mitred.* ' the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle,in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Lowther, Sir William Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Petition! of Sadlers, and other Artificers, of the Town of Nantwich, Tanners, who are in the Practice of cutting and using Leather, for the Purposes of their respective Trades and Bufinefies:

And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, and other Artificers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport, in the County of Chester, who are in the Practice of cutting and using Leather, for the Purposes of their respective Trades and Bufinefies: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned '

in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Blackburn, and Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Towns of Whitchurch, El-lefmere, Wem, and their Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting

3 Z and

Petitions of Butchers,&c.

13° Aprilis. A. 1801,

and using of Leather, within the Borough of in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Ironmongers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of IValfall:And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Workfop, in the County of , who are in the Practice of cutting and using Leather, for the Purposes of their respective Trades anaBufinefies: And also, '

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Borough of in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakefs/and other Artificers, residing in the City of York, and the Neighbourhood thereof, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Leather Dressers, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Dealers in Leather, of the Towns of Plymouth, , and their

Vicinities: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Coachmakers, Sadlers, Glovers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in* the City of Hereford, and in the Borough of:

And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Shoemakers, Curriers, and Dealers in Leather, within the Town of Pembroke, and the Vicinity thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and others, concerned in the manufacturing, cutting, and using of Leather, in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Fellmongers, Oil Leather Dressers, Curriers, Cordwainers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the City of Durham: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the City of Lincoln, and County thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying. That; the said Act may notbc repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the lcvcral Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Butchers residing and trading in the Town of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Matter Butchers residing in the Town and Neighbourhood of Prefcot, in the County of Lancaster:And also,

A Petition of the Butchers, Tanners, and Skinners, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Preston, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunder-signed, being Butchers, residing within the City and County of cester, comprizing the several Boroughs and Market Towns therein situate: And also,

A Petition of the Butchers residing in the Town and Neighbourhood of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Butchers and Skinners of the

Town and Neighbourhood of Lin the County of

York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better prevent-, ing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been, before presented to the House relating the reto:

And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or otherwise, that such Relief in the Premises may be granted, as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Taylor* Di-to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor, Gentleman, vorceBil'» with Catherine Birchall Taylor, his now Wife, and to comnutt enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21ft; Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, tlxat they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating, making, and repair- Selkirk Road* ing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.

Ordered, That Sir John Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enabling the Company erf Proprietors of Grand Jane the Grand Junction Canal more etteftually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the mitred. Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, and 38th, Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provi-iions of the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Earl Temple, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-. Maidsmorton mon Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds, inclosur* Bill, within the Manor and Parish of M and the com,mt I Iamlets of Gaivcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Quaiuton,in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common

Petition of J-and Owners against Quain-ton Indolure Bill*

G(

Hid

I doiu hir npun

t. k.t

F, v. *

ET iT

13d Aprilis.

371

cyton Inclo-fere Bill, pre-fcnted.

Ridding Inclosure and frainage Bill, reported.

Bergh-Apton, See. IjicLoiure Bill, pre-laited.

Boughton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Common Meadows, arid other Cortimoriable Lands, within the Parish of Quainton, in the County of Buckingham; and Setting forth. That such Division and Inclosure would be attended with an Expence to the Proprietors far exceeding any Improvement to be derived therefrom, and would be, in many other Respects, highly injurious to the Petitioners, and to the Proprietors at large: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Timd; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gey ton, otherwise Gayton, otherwise,

in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 22. $s. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £$<) 15 s.who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.607. 5 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevsral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.


Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington, and in

the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pari fli of Boughton, iir the County of Norfolk, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Coke of Norfolk,&c: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 56.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Blofield,&e.

1 1 .__ 1 XT T 1 1 . t TX Inrh.fiir. Ril

inclosure Bill, committed.

Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pa-rifties of Blofeld and Hembltngton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comrriitted to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually draining arid improving Upwell and certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of.

Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and commuted." *

Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole,

Mr. AJlley, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing; allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Brighton, &c. mons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of committed!I1'

Lingwood, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Act ley, &c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee,- Cartwriehr* to whom the Petition of the Reverend Edmund Cart-wright, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Bills for confirming or prolonging the Term of Letters Patent, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great severally

bearing Date the 27th Day of April 1790, the 11th Day of December 1790, the 23d Day of December 1790, and the 15th Day of May 1792, for an Invention of certain Machinery for combing and preparing Wool; also, the Specifications of the said Invention, duly enrolled in His Majesty's High Courts of Chancery, in England and Scotland respectively, were produced and read: And,

John Cartwright, Esquire, being examined, said. That from the Inventions for which the said Letters Patent have been granted, the Public has already derived material Advantage, and had it not been for the Caules hereafter mentioned, those Advantages, by this Time, would have been greatly more extensive and important; and, from the saving in Labour by the Use of the Patent Machines* they mull in future be highly beneficial to the Manufactures and Trade of the Country: That hitherto, by Reason of the vast Expence incurred by the Patentee, and the Difficulties he lus experienced in getting his Machines introduced, they have not produced any Emolument to the said Patentee, who, in prosecuting and bringing to Perfection thele (amongst other important Mechanical Inventions) has confirmed the belt Years of his Life, has exhausted the whole of his private Fortunes, and has incurred, to the certain Knowledge of the Witness, Debts to a very large Amount; That fq long ago as in the Year 1793, the Petitioner was compelled to surrender his whole Property to Trustees, for the Benefit of his.Creditors, and that, in respect of his several Patents, the Witness, and Charles Cartwright,

Esquire, were appointed Trustees accordingly; while other Trustees were appointed to dispose of the other Estates of the said Patentee; That although, at an early Period after obtaining his Patents for Wool Combing Machinery, the Patentee knew that other Persons falsely pretended to be Inventors of like Machinery, and took ouk. Patents for the fame, the

laid

Googh

272 13° Aprilis.

said Edmund Cartwright,by Reason of the distressed State Use in a Mill at Retford; and he also knows a Set of of his Affairs, had not the Means of appealing to the the same Machines have been used at Bedworth.~

Laws of his Country for Redress; nor was it then in the And,

Power of the Witness to assist the said Edmund Cart- Mr. Charles Taylor, Secretary to the Society for the

wright in so doing; but that he did afterwards, namely. Encouragement of Arts and Sciences, being examined,

in the Year 1799, as Trustee as aforesaid, commence an said, That he has seen the Specifications of the above-

Action at Law against certain Invaders of the said mentioned Patents, and that he is perfectly sure, that

Patents, which Action was concluded in April 1800, by any Person properly Ikilled in Mechanics, may con- j

a Verdict in favour of the said Patentee: That before it strud the Machinery therein described. — Then,

was Convenient to him to advance Money in defence of Mr. JVi/fon Lowry being examined, said. That he

the said Patents, he had found himself under a Necef- has been constantly in the Habit of drawing Machines,

fity, for promoting the Interest of the said Patentee and and making Models of them; and confirmed the last

his Creditors, to make a Compromise with Persons who Witness's Evidence.

had taken out Two Patents for Wool Combing Ma- Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the chinery, although he (the Witness) knew, and the Parties Table, have since acknowledged to him, that their Patents were

for Machinery that infringed upon the Patents of the A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Lamefcyand said Edmund Cartwright; and, from Admissions re- Commons, and other Commonable Lands, called Black- b!u*

corded on the Proceedings of the Trial of the aforesaid hum Fell, Burdon Moor, Hedley Fell, Com- committed.'

Action at Law, it appeared that the said Edmund Cart- mon, and East Moor, otherwise Blackburn Fell,

wright had also, in the Year 1793, made a Compromise Ravensworth Town Fields, and Ravenjworth South with another Person who had taken out such a Patent, ture, within the Chapelries of Lamejley and or

which the Witness, from having seen both the Specifica- the one of them, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, and

tion under that Patent, and the Machinery itself, is con- County of was read a Second Time,

vinced was not a valid Patent, but an Infringement of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, the Patents of the said Edmund Cartwright; and the Wit* Sir Ralph: And they are to meet this

ness also believes, that such last mentioned Compromise Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

never would have taken Place, had it not been for the Chamber, ruined State of the said Edmund Cartwright's Affairs at

that Time. — And the Witness being further examined. Ordered, That General Manners be added to the Member said, That in consequence of the said Edmund Cartwright Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, *w<^obrin$ wanting the Means of vindicating, in all the Cafes of a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Abington In-Infringement that occurred, the Originality of his Patents, Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners cloiore Bill, and of the forced Compromises as above-mentioned, the and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Open Public long remained in Suspenle, as to what Combing and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Machinery could be used with Legality and most Ad- Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the vantage, which was a main Cause why the Machines did Parish of Great Ahington, in the County of Cambridge. |

not get into extensive Use: And the Witness also attributes their limited Use, even to the present Day, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Langtostand very much to the Inability of the Patentee to employ several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and j BllI£c*^ Agents in the different Parts of the Country to recom- other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, committed, mend their Adoption, by personal Application, in order the several Parishes of Langtoft and in the County

to shew their Advantages, and to remove Prejudices of Lincoln, was read a Second Time. J

and ill founded Objections: That for the Reasons al- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, ready assigned, and considering the great Debt of the Sir Gilbert Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this said Edmund Cartwright, yet undischarged, the Witness Afternoon, at' Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's is of Opinion, that during the remaining Terms of the Chamber, said Patents respectively, a very small Part only of the said Debts are likely to be discharged out of the Profits A Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual. North Kyme of the said Patents, and that for the Discharge of the an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His committaL whole, and a Reimbursement of the Patentee's Ex- present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, " An pences, and the receiving for his Labour and Ingenuity " Act for more effectually draining and preserving cer-such a Remuneration as, he conceives, Parliament will " tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or wilh to secure him, a much larger Term of Years will " Township in the County of ,"

be necessary. — And the Witness is further of Opinion, was read a Second Time.

that from the Experience of the great Trouble and the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Expence, as well as the Time confirmed in carrying on Sir Gilbert Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this the aforesaid Action at Law, it would not be prudent Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's for the said Edmund Cartwright, or his Trustees, to enter Chamber, into any fresh Law Suits for vindicating the Patent

Rights aforesaid, unless the Terms of the said Patents General Manners presented to the House, according Great Abing-Ihould be reasonably prolonged. — Then, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and Biu/prefcn

Mr. William Iluddlestone being examined, said, That laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, e<i. ' he has used the said Machines in a Mill belonging to Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Messrs. Davison and Hawkejley, at Arnold, in the County Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the of Nottingham, for Seven Years: That he employs Six Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge:

Sets of them; and he estimates the Profit of each Set And the same was received; and read the First Time, at f. 1,100. per Annum, making in the Whole a Profit Resolved,. That the Bill be read a Second Time, of f. 6,600. per Annum: That the Witness has great

Reason to believe, that the Patent has been evaded in A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition rtb-many Instances, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, was pre- ^Wi^owa* Patentee, and that if it had not been for those Evasions, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Roadi. the original Machine would have been in general Use, Petition having been presented to the House, in the which, at present, is by no means the Cafe: That, be- present Session, praying that Leave might be given to

fides using the Machines at aforesaid, he has seen bring in a Bill (amongst other Things) for effectually

them used at Workfop, and several of them set up for amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, '

1 the,

Ewell Inclosure Bill, committed*

Committee on

Precedents,

revived.

To report from Time to Time.

Bill to continue Barley Malting Ail, ordered.

Account of the Value of Exports, ordered.

Report from Committee i Secrecy.

41 Geo. III.

13

the Road through the said County of Wigtbwn, front the High Bridge of Cree, b Newton Douglas and Glen-

luce, to Portpatrick, and from thence, by to

the Confines of the County near the Cairn of

Lochryan, the said Petition was Referred to a Committee*' to enquire whether the Standing Orders of the House had been complied with, and, upon a Report made by the Committee, the House was pleated, upon the rpth of March, to order, that, upon Consideration of the

Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notice may be forthwith given of the Application to Parliament, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, Three Times in the Newlpapei* called The Caledonian Mercury, in the present Month of March, or in the Month of April next; and that Notice

rilis. m

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for the Teas, ^;^f^' 12s.

Tellers for the Noes, i 51

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preservd aniongll the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

has accordingly been given in the Terms of the Order Reading of the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsist-last mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave ence to be paid to Innkeepers, arid others, on Quarter-may be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer ing Soldiers, be now read.

Innkeepers Bill, committed.

of the said former Petition

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} arid report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mc Doxvall, Mr. Fergufon,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have upon the said Bill Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of* the whole House*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William RuJJell, Sir John Frederick,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Selecft Committee, appointed to examine the Journals of this House, and Records of Parliament, for Precedents, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House, and to report the same to the House, be revived.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report, from Time to Time, to the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for shortening, until the 25th Day " of March One thousand Eight hundred and One,

" the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley " damaged by Rain in the late Harvelt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to revive and continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Exports from Great Britain, for Three Years, ended the 5th of April 1801; distin-guifiiing each Quarter, and the Value of Brit if 1 Produce , and Manufactures from the Value of Foreign Articles exported.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

Vol. 56.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Lottery Bill, Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain J>refa*,ed' Sum of Money* to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Irish Spirit* Duty Bill, presented.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Or- j*Jn der, a Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Tea im* irland, on ported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in Tea>&c* Prt-lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on eme ‘ Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^a^lU^aoa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t;0en office to consider of making Provision for the Entry and Re- fro th.e turn Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and for authorizing the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPP*y-

4 A to

Accounts rt-specting Ireland, referred:

Dublin Society.

Farming Societies.

Committee on Irish Corn Bounties Bill.

Committee on Exemption of Curates from the Horse Duty, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Custom? additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Bill for defray in £ certain Permanent Services in Ireland, committed.

574 130 — 140 Aprilis. 1801.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of an additional Sum necessary for the Dublin Society in the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of a Sum necessary for promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies in Ireland, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had di-reded him to report, when the House. will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Expediency of exempting Curates, under certain Circumstances, from the Duty imposed by the said Act, upon Persons keeping One Horse;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Osder of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called

5

Ireland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read

The Bill for the more effectually preventing the For- Bank Notes gery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank ^'j1* commit. Post Bills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

' Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 14* die Aprilis;

Anno 41' Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Leeds Church

whom the Petition of the Reverend John King, Pe,l,‘?n» re* of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of was P°rte referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations -of the said Petition, Mr.

David RuJJell being examined, said, That the Parish of Leeds is very extensive, and the Inhabitants thereof are become so numerous, that the Vicarage Church is much too small to contain them: That the Petitioner hath lately purchased a Building, finished and completed in a proper, decent, and very commodious Manner, fit for performing Divine Service therein; and that the Petitioner is desirous that the said Building may be consecrated, and set apart for such Service, and established as a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever — And the Witness further said, That the Petitioner hath obtained the Consent of the Vicar of the said Parish, and of the Trustees in whom the Patronage of the said Vicarage is veiled, and also of his Grace the Archbishop of Fork, the Ordinary thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately eroded in or near Kirhgaie Street, within the Town and Parish of

Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Halknyhire the 23d Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, or Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Company of Cutlers, in Hal/anishire, in the County of York, under their Corporate Seal, and of the several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, interested in the Manufacture of Cutlery Wares, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And

4i Geo. III. 14° 275

And the same being read accordingly; in the County of Norfolk: And the same was

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for received; and read the Time. amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed the Bill be read a Second Time.

in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for the better Regulation and Government of the An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inching, Burgjisnd Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamfhiredraining, and preserving, the Open Fields, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Drainage KM. Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices: Parishes of Burgh and in the County of Nor-

And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do folk, was read the Third Time.

prepare, and bring in, the fame. , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and Liflceard A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons,

admitted! enlarging the Powers, of'TwoAfts, passed in the ift Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of and 10th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk.

King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk do carry the Bill Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row

House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in -An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, trickling Tn.

the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was read a Second draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, '

Time. Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish parted.8 *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Eliot, the Lord Fine astle, &c.: And they are to meet Time.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Chamber. be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining,

and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Com-Petition rel.i- A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- mons. Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of lor'Dumtrks" cution Two Acts, made in the 28th and 29th Years of Hin the County of Norfolk. Roads. the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Ordered, That Air. Coke of Norfolk do carry the Bill Roads in the County of Dumfries, and Stewartry of to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Kirkcudbright, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Happifourglr, the House, on the ift Day of this Instant April, the the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Petitioners have caused Notice of the Application to Lands, Commons, Scverals, and Waste Grounds, within '

Parliament, for repairing certain Roads in the Stewartry the Parishes of Happi/burgh and in the

of Kirkcudbright, to be affixed on the Sessions House County of Norfolk-, and for extinguishing all Doors of the said Stewartry, at the first adjourned Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over, and upon, the Lands Quarter Sessions held for the said Stewartry after Easter, and Grounds within the said Parish of Happi/burgh, was in the present Year: And therefore praying, That Pro- read the Third Time.

vision may be made for repairing and amending the said That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the proper. Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Parishes of Happi/burgh and Leftingham, in the County mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheep-appear to them, to the House: walk and Shackage in, over, and upon, the Lands and

And it is referred to Mr. Heron, Mr. Fergu/on, See.: Grounds within the said Parish of Happi/burgh.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Alorning, at Nine of Ordered, That Air. Coke of Norfolk do carry the Bill tl\e Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Balfliamln-?etitk>n$ of A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Tanner*, See. Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting Open and Common Fields, Aleadows, Pastures, Wastes, and using of Leather, in the Town and Neighbour- and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the hood of Pontefract, in the County of York: And Parish of Bal/ham, in the County of Cambridge, was com-also, mitted; That the Committee had examined, and fofind

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills thereunder-written, being engaged in the Leather Trade, of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich; Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Were severally presented to the House, and read; found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-Setting forth. That an Act was obtained in the cernedhad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 2. is. per Annum,

Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof: who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the And praying. That the House will not repeal the Lands to be divided and inclosed is assessed to the Land said Act, which has been found so beneficial to Tax at £.211. per and that no Person appeared 1

the Public, which has established Regulations so before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the useful to the Leather Trade, without occasioning Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several any real Inconvenience to others, and which, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him at the same Time, increases the Revenue of the to report to the House; and he read the Report in

Kingdom. his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

to lie upon the Table. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Coniton in- Air. Coke of Norfolk presented to the House, accord- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Cre"'*B<i"' >ng to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be preente. t])e Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of ingrossed.

Vol. 56. A Bill

e

Dravtou In*

clomre Bill, committed.

North Wot-ton, &c. Drainage Bill, committed.

Work Indo-sure Bill, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Fnft India Goods Bill.

Billrespecting Indentures of Apprentice-finp.

Birmingham Paving, &c. Bill, committed.

27 6

14* Apr

A. 1801.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of

Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Vanjittart, Mr. Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wotton, Pilton, West Pennard, and several other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the county of,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson, Junior, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

1

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, reported from the Committee,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the A Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands Speaker's Chamber, and Grounds, in the Parishes or Chapelries of North

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual. Four several Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the iSth and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to and from

B, through Stratford upon Avon, to in the County of Warwick, to far as the same relate to the to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and Stratford Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third being within the Manor and Parish of Work, in the Time.

County of Somerset, was committed} That the Com- Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- and for amending,andmaking more effectual. Four several mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their George the First, in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Qf the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, they had directed him to report to the House; and through Warwick, to Warmington, and from,

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Birmingham, through Stratford upon to

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; fridge, in the said County

Hooffstetter'* N:it. Bill, committed.

Birnvngham and Sint ford Roads Bill, passed.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Walker;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing John Erchardt Weippert, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Mr. AJfley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or W'afte Land, called Kentifmoore,

Weippert'* Nat. Bill, Committed*

of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage 1 race or Common or W alte Land, called A to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the within the Manor and Parish o in the County

Kentifmoore Inclosure Bill, committed.

Britiff) Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby; without any Amendment.

of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -pont, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Second Report from Committee

Mr. Bragge reported from the Select Committee appointed to examine the Journals of this House, and Records of Parliament, for Precedents respecting the Eli- appointed to gibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House, Pr5‘

A Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, anci to report the same to the House, and who wereem- ce ents' passed in the 9th and 13th Years of the Reign of His powered to report, from Time to Time, to the House, present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain That the Committee had agreed upon a further Report,

Ways, Pallages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of which they had directed him to make; and he read the Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame,

with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Lanes, W ays, and Pallages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner ot laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augvftus William Shuckburgh , Mr. Golding, &c.:

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That.such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be fufll-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr.

41 Geo. Ill; i4\

keport on Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ctfio^from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the East Indies to consider of making Provision for the Entry and into Ireland. Return Voyages of certain Ships, which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and for authorizing the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Graih from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into in Ships coming di-

rectly from the East Indies.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies., and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies: And that Mr. Mr.

Corry, and Mr. David Scott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fcsport Sup*

|>ly.

Fanning Societies of Ireland.

Dublin Society

In(b Corn . bounties Bill, reported.

Billfordefray-ing certain Permanent Services in Ireland, deferred.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred Fofty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two Thousand Pounds Currency* be granted to His Majesty, to be applied under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chid Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, in promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies of Ireland, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hundred Fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society, in Hawkins Street, and Botanic Garden, at Glajj'mvin,with the Approbation of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

‘ Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation into of

Wheat, Bariey, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally nut thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Von. 56.

Iprilis. 277

Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second M'h Spirit Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits ^^nftted. distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was rgad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill forgnnt-Reading of the Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties Tea, &c. , in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on conlmittcl1' Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; t The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lotteiy Bill, Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a committed, certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be nonf read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account? Account of the Amount of the Hair Powder Tax, from the Commencement of the same to the Year ending xlx. the 5th April i8ot; distinguishing the Amount of each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D«. Account of the Charges in collecting and managing the Hair Powder Tax, from the Commencement of the same to the 5th April 1801; distinguishing the Expences of each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Armorial Account of the Amount of the Armorial Bearing Tax, Beanng Tax"' from the Commencement of the same to the 5th April 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an i>°. Account of the Charges in collecting and managing the Armorial Bearing Tax, from the Commencement of the same to the 5th April 1801.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Tythe Leases Reading of the Bill to enable the Clergy to let -Leases 1 ' eerre of their Tythe, for a limited Period, under certain Re-

strictions;

Ordered*That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant

Aprili

The House, according to Order* resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Br«wcr*°Peti.

4 B Report tion.

Committee on Innkeepers Bill.

Customs additional Duties Bill, deterred.

Report from the Committee of Secrecy, further con-tldered.

Bill to revive and continue Habeas Cor-pii'Su (petition A&, ordered.

piefeiited.

278 ' i40 Apr. ' A. i8of*

Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of London, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Buxton took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vmfttart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Yanfittart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Comrtiittee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee of Secrecy;

The House proceeded accordingly.

And the said Report was again read.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further continuing, until Six Weeks after " the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

" several Acts, made in the 38th and 39th Years of His "present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secure and "detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are " conspiring against His Person and Government," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and further continuing, for a Time to be limited, several Acts, made in the 38th, 39th, and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall iulj>c<ft are conspiring against His Person and Government: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Chancellor 01 the Exchequer, the Lord Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do pre-

pare. anJ bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving and further continuing, for a Time to be limited, several Atfts, made in tire 38th, 39th, and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign,

and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government: And the same was received; and fead the First Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T f v (Mr. Thomas ,) 0

Tellers for the Teas,] Mr So|jcitor Genenli, jiS9.

Tellers for the No42'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Monday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now/*

(land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,*j 190.

Tellers for the Noes,^^" ^PVMerforceBird: I 34‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Tire said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee committed, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve confidewd. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One- by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to reyWe 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ^Ea^pre*

" An Afor the more effectually preventing Seditious venting SediMeetings and Afl'emblies," might be read. fious Mfet'

And the same being read accordingly; >ngi, 01 ere

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Thomas Pelh, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Hawkejlu Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr, Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according presented.

to

4i Geo. lit. — ii

to Order, a Bill for reviving and continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings " and AssembliesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Kn to revive An ingrossed Bill for reviving, and further continuing, KkerTcor^ ^or a Time to be limited, several Acts, made in the 38th, pmSafpenfioa 39th, and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, A6, patted, ancj in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to iecure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conl'piring against His Person

and Government, was read the Third Time.

Resolved^That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving, and further continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty s Reign, and in the last SelHon of Parliament, for em-, powering His Majesty to secure and detain such Perlorts

as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Report from Ordered, That a printed Copy of the Report, which

Committee of was macje from the Committee of Secrecy, be commu-Secrtcy to be . T , 4

communi- mcated to the Lords.

rated to the Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Lords' deliver to their Lordships a Copy of the said Report.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Peiham do carry the said Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 150 Aprilis;

Anno 41° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

RttftioB* of A Petition of the Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and Tanner*, &o. Am. other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and

uling of Leather, in the Borough of in

the County of Worcester:And all'o,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, who are in the Practice of cutting and uling Leather, for the Purposes of their respective Trades and Businesses: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, in the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, in the City of Peterborough -,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advap-tage to the Public in general: And praying. That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Vo l. 56.

Jlpfilis. 279

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in petition for Execution several Acts, for repairing the Road from the 10

Crown Cornerin the Town of Reading, in the County of fill.

Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, wasi presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening; diverting, and irriprOving, the Road leading from in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke,\n the County of Southampton and Setting forth. That several Parts of the said Roads Which lead through Towns and Villages are narrow, and thereby Accidents frequently happen in the Night Time; which the Petitioners apprehend may in a great Measure be prevented, if the same were properly lighted: And therefore praying, That Provision ftiay be made in the said Bill, for lighting such Parts of the said Road as shall be found necessary;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lllall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Annejley, Mr. George Van-Jittart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Pertains, Papers, and Record 3;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing; allotting, and inclosing, Worse tnclo-Certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Somerset,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Quainton In-Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quainton, in the County of Buckingham, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon Monday last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, declined being heard on the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- Billtocon-cording to Order, a Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of presented. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for shortening, until the "Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep, for " Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late HarveilAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover, Assistant Accowm of Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at Exports'pre-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented fented. to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the "Honourable House of Commons, dated 13th " 1801, for an Account of the Value of all Exports

" from

A' i8ol.

Committee on Customs additional Duties Bill.

Report re*

Ipectin^ Roads m Ir.closure Bills, recommitted*

Hooffstetter's Nat. Bill, reported, and pulled.

Report re I peeing the Brewers.

280 I

" from Great Britain, for Three Years, ended the 5th of " April 1801; distinguishing each Quarter, and the " Value of British Produce and Manufactures from the " Value of Foreign Articles exported."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read;

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs, on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, lb far as respects the setting out or the altering of public Roads, and to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hoojfstctter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Robert Buxton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of London, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hirn to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for "altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 22d -

" Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, for repealing " the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings " the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not "exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of " such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

" so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by " Common Brewers," as is expressed to be expedient in order to answer the Purpose of the said first-mentioned Act, has been proved, from the great Advance in Price on the Articles of Malt and Hops, as well as on the other constitiient Parts of the Capital of a Common Brewer, to be inadequate to the intended Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That it is expedient, in order to answer the Purpose of the said Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that the Common Brewer should be permitted to brew for Sale, Table Beer at a higher Price than Thirteen Shillings per Barrel, without the same being liable to any greater Duty than by the said Act of the 33d Year of His present Majesty, is payable for Table Beer brewed for Sale at Thirteen Shillings per Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, wrere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Robert , Sir John '*

liam Anderson, and Mr; Nicholas Vanfiltart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made; that the ingrossed Bill for Belchford dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Hawkefiury (by His Majesty's Command)

acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill w>as read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 37. 1. 6. At the End of the Line, to add "to "His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors."

1. 30. After " notwithstanding," to insert " and shall be forthwith delivered " by the said Commissioners, to the " Lord Bishop of the Diocese, for " the Time being, to be by him kept " and preserved, until the Condition " thereof shall have been duly exe*

" cuted and performed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. ratten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossfed Bill for di- Sotby inclo* Viding, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open '

Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln, be now read t he Third Time;

The Lord Hatvkejlmy (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The

Question Neg for bringing up a Petition of John Herron.

Question Neg for calling in John Herron.

Bill to revive and continue Act for preventing Seditious Meetings, commuted.

41 Geo. III.

150 — 1 6°jdprilis.

281

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 36. 1. 17. At the End of the Line, to add " to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors."

I 36. At the End of the Line, to add " and " shall be forthwith delivered by the said Commissioners to the " Lord Bishop of the Diocese for " the Time being, to be by him " kept and preserved, until the Condition thereof shall have been " duly executed and performed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sothyixu. the County of Lincoln.

' OrderedfWxaX. Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Herron, late a Private in the First Regiment of Foot Guards, being offered to be presented to the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr , c u v (Sir Francis Burdett, )

Tellers for the Yeas,j Mf ^. } 9.

Tellers for tl,e Noes}

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart, according to Order, reported innkeeper* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the BUI» rePorted‘ Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Leeds Church Order, a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, Billrpresented. lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

106.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That John Herron be called in, and examined, respecting the Hardships he has received during his Confinement under the Suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for the Yeas} S.

Tellers for the Nocs.' j 96-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for reviving and continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings " and Assemblies," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Monday " Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 36.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Apr ills;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

SIR Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com- Weippert* mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Nat- re' Erhardt IVeippert,was committed; That the Committee porte had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any

4 C Amendment;

Supply deferred.

Way* and Means, deferred.

Irish Com Bounties Bill, deferred.

Irish Spirits Duty Bill, deferred.

Bill for granting Duties in Ireland on Tea, &c. deferred.

Lottery Bill, deferred.

Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Memberadded Ordered, That Sir HenrySaint John Mildmay be to bring in added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, HSjaT and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of Hadjiock, in the County of Essex.

Bill presented. Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadjiock, in the County of Essex: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ghfcow Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom

R«acts Pet,- _ the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto tion,repo e . {\ibscribed. Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glas£ow; and of another Act, passed in the 27 th Year of " the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend,

" and render more effectual the said Act; and of another " Ad, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of " an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King " George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading *' into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to " the District of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to,

" and from Glasgow to Redburn and for altering

and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned " District of Road, so far as the same relate to the said " Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and for more " effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping " in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from " the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to,

" and leading to Calder Bridge, and from thence by or " near Balm ore, to or near the Church of New " patrick, and from thence by or near Lawmuir to the " Town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the Bridge " across the Allander, on the Road from Longbank,

" by Ba/mulie Bridge, to Glasgow on the East, and ending " at the Town of Old Kilpatrick on the West; and the " Hoad branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill

" to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road " leading to Cumbernauldwas read: And,

John Lennox, Esquire, being examined, said. That large Sums of Money have been borrowed, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Road, branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, which are still unpaid; and that great Progress has been made in making, repairing, and widening the above-mentioned 3

Roads; but the same cannot be effectually made, repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act; of the 35th of His present Majesty be enlarged, so far as the same relates to the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and the said Road branching from die aforesaid Road, leading from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present

Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld; and unless further and other Powers be granted for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgozv, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld: And that Sir John Stuart, Sir James Stezvart Denham, and Mr. Heron, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Heron reported from the Committee, to whom petitionreh-the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execut ion tue to N°-Two Acts, made in the 28th and 29th Years of the Roads,"1* Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads reported, in the County of Dumfries, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

David Roberlfon being examined, said. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 1 ft Day of this Instant April, Notice of the Application to Parliament for repairing certain Roads in the Stewartry of bright, had been affixed on the Session House Doors of the said Stewartry, at the First adjourned Quarter Sessions held for the said Stewartry, after Easter, in the present Year.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 31 ft Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several erf- the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by Ac Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries-, and also, another Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Raid from by

Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget, to IVanlock Head, in the said County of Dumfries, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateney,by Annan, Dumfries, and San-

quhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright: And that Mr. Heron, Sir Robert Laurie, and Sir John Stuart,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Jff.en Cani

whom the Bill for enabling Chariot taBet hell. Widow, to Bl ' rep0lt

make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Le, near the Boundary between Efke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House,

together

283

together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

petition* of A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Tanner*, &c. Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield,in the West Riding of the County of York:

And all'o,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, residing in the City of,

and frequenting the Market there: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, of the Borough of Mac-elesfeld, in the County of , and the Neighbour-

hood thereof, who are in the Practice of preparing, cutting, and using Leather, for the Purposes of their respective Trades and Businesses;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read j Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying. That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sending A Bill for more effectually, repairing, widening, di-

ctmmiued* vesting, and improving, the Road leading from,

in the County of Berks, to , in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. JolinJfone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Account* of Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House,

Dciit"&c^ -A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Ho-presented! " nourable House of Commons, dated the 5th of " February 1801, for an Account of the Unfunded " Debt and Demands outstanding, on the 5th January " 1801, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, " Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the same; distinguishing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consisted, and also what Part of the said Debts " or Demands was then provided for, and in what " Manner and what Part thereof was then unprovided " for — inclosing.

Appendix (A). An Account of the Unfunded Debts in Exchequer Bills, outstanding the 5th of January 1801:

Appendix (B. 1.) An Account of the Unfunded Debt of Great Br, and the Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1801, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, &c. distinguishing under each Head relpetftively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consisted, and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner and what Part thereof was then unprovided for, lo far as relates to the Treasury:

Appendix (B. 2). An Account of Warrants, for Army Services, due, and unpaid, on the 5th January 1801, and of Treasury Bills accepted previous to, and on, the 5th January 1801, due fub-sequent to that Day:

Appendix (C). An Account of Demands for Army Vox. 56.

Services, outstanding on the 25 th 1800 j distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consisted:

Appendix ID). Statement of the Outstanding Demands of the Barrack Department, on the 31st December 1800:

Appendix (E). An Account of Demands on the Ordnance, outstanding on the 5th January 1801 j distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands consist, and also what Part of the said Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was unprovided for:

Appendix (F). An Account of the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of His Majesty's Navy, and of all Demands outstanding on the 31st December 1800; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist:

Appendix (G). An Account of the Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th of January 1801; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as Hull be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Note. — The House having been informed that there were Mistakes in the said Accounts, they were withdrawn, by an Order of the 29th Instant, and others presented on the 7th Day of May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to conti-Reading of the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time ^alringA#, to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- committed. ment, intituled, w An Act for Ihortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep, for " Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °Uery 1 upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Ifiih Com . Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting Bounties on Bill*

the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye,

Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats,

Indian

A. 1801.

16° Aprilis.

Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for pint- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

irfian^onto ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tea, &c. de- upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Tea im-ferred. ported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for de- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to frayingcerum ref0)ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

wrminMt _ .

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Coal Exchange, and of the Factors and Wholesale Buyers of Coals in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; thu>|e4pmft Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing the several Acts speftingCoalt. now Force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Mailers of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and , in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Ho I born, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rot her hit in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalhcavers, on the River by Coal Under-

takers; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains Clauses, which, if allowed to remain Part of the said Bill, will prove greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and to the Trade in which they are engaged; and that the Mode of felling Cargoes of Coals in the Port of London, full Thirty Years ago, was by the Factors and Buyers assembling in the open Part or Area of Room Land, adjoining to the Fish Market of Billingsgate, each Day in the Week, and, when the Parties wishing to treat for a Cargo were met, for them to retire to some adjacent Tavern to conclude the Bargain, by which Mode of transacting Business great Inconvenience, and much Delay and Loss ot Time, -was felt by all Parties, when it was at length determined to erect the present Building called The Coal Exchange, by the Subscription of Sixty-tour Shares; and that it was proposed to charge each Ship, as Market Dues, for ever}' 50 Chaldron Cocket with is. which the Owners of the Cargoes voluntarily and cheerfully agreed to pay, each Party finding great Convenience by the Accommodation and Facility of

T Cl UlXtlCUl

Services in Ireland, deferred.

Petition of the Proprietors of the Coal Ex-

Irish Spirits Duty Bill, deferred.

transacting their Business; and that the Whole of the lower Part of the said Building was for many Years open for the assembling of all Descriptions of Persons, and the Sale of Cargoes were then made in each Factor's private Office, it being found impossible to conduct their Trade in the open Part of the said Building or Coal Market; and that at length, finding many Objections to the Bargains or Sales of Cargoes being made in the private Offices, and having found by Experience the Impossibility of concluding their Business in a Crowd of all Descriptions of Persons, Coalheavers, and others, it was by the Proprietors, at the Requell of the Trade, determined to inclose One Half of the lower Part of the said Building for an open Marker, where each Buyer might make his Offers, from which he was in some Degree precluded by the then Mode of the Sales being made in the private Offices; and the Number of the Trade having of late Y'ears very much increased, the Proprietors of the said Building have, at a very considerable Expence, just completed the Enlargement of the said Room or open Market for Coals, as they believe, to ihe Satisfaction of the whole Trade, with the Exception of very few Persons; and that every Person, of whatever Trade or Business, may enter the said Room, and transact what may be necessary to him for the Subscription of 6 each Market Day, or is. 6 d. Week, and for which he is accommodated with Fire, Pens, Ink, and Paper; and that the Petitioners conceive such Regulation cannot operate as a Bar to any Persons who have Business to transact in the said Market, and is only meant to keep out dirty or disorderly People; and that the Payment of the said Subscriptions, and Market Dues from the Ships, have never paid to the Proprietors Five Pounds per Cent, for their Capital lb expended in the Execution of the said Building or Coal Exchange, to the present Hour; and that the present Days of Business are Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, the same as the Corn Exchange^ and that those Days, from long Experience, have been found quite sufficient to expedite every Department of the said Trade, and which the Petitioners hope the House will find to be moll convenient, when it shall be proved to them, that the Business of Sales of each Day is generally done in one Hour, and that ioo, or even 200 Sail of Ships, if needful, can be fold in that Time; and that, if the present Days and Hours of Bu-finess were altered or increased, it would be attended with very serious Inconvenience to the Trade at large, and no possible Benefit to the Public would result from such Alteration: And therefore praying. That they may be heard against the Clauses of the said Bill, which are calculated to affect their Interests, by themselves, or their Counsel, to shew that such Clauses should not be permitted to Hand as Part of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

IV 1alker;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotouily assembled; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George with Mary

Grundy, his now Wile, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for better

Collection of Poor Rates.

Bill respecting Mill*.

The Lords have passed

Duck worths Divorce BiiL

Bill read.

e

Innkeeper* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third'

Bill, patted. Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Braggs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vote of _ Resolved, NcmincCon That the Thanks of Hyde*Pathis House be given to Admiral Sir Hyde , for the &c. See, 'able and judicious Disposition made by him of the Force under his Command, by which the Ships

of War, forming the Line of Defence of the Harbour of

Copenhagen, were taken or destroyed, on the 2d Day of April 1801.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Vice Admiral Lord Ne/fon, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, Rear Admiral Graves, and Colonel Stewart, commanding His Majesty's 49th Regiment of Foot, and a Corps of Riflemen, and to the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command ot Admiral Sir Hyde for their Bravery and gallant Conduct on the said most glorious Occasion; and that Admiral Sir Hyde Parker do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Neniine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board the Ships under the Command of Admiral Sir Hyde Parker, in the late glorious Victory overt he Fleet and Batteries, which

formed the Line of Defenceat the Entrance of the Harbour of Copenhagen-, and that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Admiral Sir Hyde Parker.

A<Mref«fora Resolved, Nemine ContradicenThat an humble Ad-

Captain*111 *° dress be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring, That MoiTe and , His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions that a Riou. Monument be erected, in the Cathedral Church of

Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of Captain James Robert Mofj'e, ot His Majesty's Ship Monarch, and Captain Edward Riou, of His Majesty's Siiip Amazon, who fell gloriously in the Naval Engagement of the 2d Day of April 1801, when adecifive Victory was obtained by Admiral Sir Hyde Parker over the Danish Fleet and Batteries, which formed the Line of Defence at the Entrance of the Harbour of Copenhagen-, and to atfure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty'* Most honourable Privy Council.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to mimTcar^Pa-" His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give per* to the Leave, that the several Papers presented to this House, Lord*. by j_jjs Majesty's Command, upon the ift and 2d Days

of this Instant April(sealed up) may be communicated to the Lords.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Molt honourable Privy Council.

Commteeon The other Order of the Day being read; a!id continue The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Att for pre- whole House, upon the Bill for reviving and continuing, venting Sedi- for aTime to be limited, an Act, made in the q6th Year

tjous Mett-

ings, V O L. 56.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; "An " Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious " Meetings and Assemblies."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-moirpw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V tneris, 170 die Apr tits \

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayer*.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answw* to House, That their Addfeis of Yesterday (humbly Adresse*. desiring that His Majesty would be pleased to give Di* reftions that a Monument be erected- in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of Cap-

tain James Robert Moffe, of His Majesty's Ship Monarch, and Captain EdivardRiou, of His Majesty's Ship Amazon

who fell gloriously in the Naval Engagement of the 2d Day of April 1801, when a decisive V iftory was obtained by Admiral Sir Hyde Parker over the Danish Fleet and Batteries, which formed the Line of Defenceat the Entrance of the Harbour of Copenhagen-, and to allure His Majesty, that this H mle will make good the Expence attending the fame) had been pretented to His Majesty; and tUat His Majesty had commanded himtQ acquaint this House, That He will give Directions, a?, desired by the said Address.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to th©

House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Man jesty would be graciously pleased to give Leave, that the several Papers presented to this House, by His Majesty's Command, upon the 1 ft and 2d Days of this Instant April (sealed up) might be communicated to the Lords) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty has been pleased to give Leave, that the said Paper? may be communicated to the Lords.

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to this Papers to be House, by His Majesty's Command, upon the tft and the

2d Days of this Instant April (sealed up) be communi- Lords, cated to the Lords.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to deliver to their Lordships the said Papers sealed up; and to acquaint their Lordships, that this House do desire, that the said Papers may be returned to them, from Time to Time, as shall be found necessary for die Proceedings of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone be added to Memberadded the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring SuieCoxwell in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of fe- Iadofure Bill, veral Owners of Estates within the Manor of Little Cox-well, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

Lord Vifcou n.t Folkestone presented to the House, ac- BillpresentwL cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands,

4 D within

i86

179 Ap

A. i8or.

within the Hamlet or Town ship of in the

Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Scarborough Mr, Phipps reported from the Committee, to whom titionl're, Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ported. thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution several Acts passed for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter , of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he ' read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 5 th and 2 5th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18 th Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the said Pier and Harbour, were read: And,

Mr. William Chapman, being examined, said, That under the Authority of the said Acts, the said Harbour hath been greatly improved, and a new Pier, for enlarging and making the same more extenfivyly useful, is carrying on at a very large Annual Expence, which Pier, when finished, will render the said Harbour more lafe and commodious, and will be productive of great Advantage and Security to Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility; but the said Pier cannot be completed and maintained, nor can such other Works, as from Time to Time will become necessary to keep the said Harbour in a State safe and commodious for Shipping, be executed and supported, unless the Term for collecting the said Duties be continued, and the Powers of the said Acts are altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the 5th and 25th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York: And that Mr. Phipps and Lord Charles Henry Somerset do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

LordiAmcnd- The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Litdebury in- Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, cloture Bill, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open agreed to an(j Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little bury,in the County of Essex.

The said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 27.JLeave out " Common Grounds and & 28.5 " unknown Property."

Pr. 54. I.21. After " Cottagers" insert "and the ' - " Persons from whole Allotments a

" Deduction shall be made, as herein after-mentioned."

Pr. 57. 1. 37. Leave out from " of" to " the" in Line

39-

Pr. 58. 1. 9. Leave out from " Aft" to " to" in Prels 60. Line 4.

Pr. 60. 1. 6. Leave out from " such" to " fo" in Line 15, and insert " Feoffees or " Trustees."

1. 31. Leave out from " Persons" to " making" in Line 33.

And the House being informed, that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second

Time; and, upon the Questioil severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for dividing, alloting, inclosing, and laying in Great AWnj-Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common . Bill, Icom-U,e Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, mitred. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington,in the County of Cambridge, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Manners, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet t his Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Jefferys presented to the House, according to CoventryPoor Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of fcj|['e£re" the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy 'Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill.be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitions thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, engaged in the Manufactories in the City of to the Poor. Coventry, and who are rated to the Relief of the Poor of the several Parities of Saint Michael and the Hc/v Trinity, within the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the aid Bill; and Setting forth*

That, if the same should pal's into a Law, it will be injurious to the Petitioners, and to all Persons concerned or employed in the Manufactories carried on in the said City of Coventry, particularly the Ribbon Manufactory* inal'much as the Directors intended to be appointed by the said Bill will be enabled to establish public Manufactories for the Employment of the Poor of the said Parishes, and the Goods, when so manufactured, the said Directors will have it in their Power to fell at a much lower Price, than the Petitioners can aft'ord to do, because the Petitioners-will have not only their Families to support, but be obliged to contribute to the Payment of the Rates to be applied in support of the said public Manufactories, and other Rates and Charges, which may be levied within the said City: And therefore praying, That the House will not consent to pass the said Bill into a Law.

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, in the Company of City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Cordwainer*‘ Setting forth, That, it having been reprelented to the Petitioners to be the Intent of the Directors of the intended Union of the Parishes of Sa Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry (upon the Event

of the said Union being passed into a Law) to establish aSlioe Manufactory in the House of Industry, the Petitioners are firmly of Opinion, that, should the same be carried into Eft'ect, it will be attended with the moll fatal Consequences to those Persons now engaged in that Trade; and that the Petitioners are satisfied with the present System for conducting the Parochial Business in the said City: And therefore praying, That the intended Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Proprietors of thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses, &c. Houses and Lands in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, or rated to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will be injurious to the Petitioners, and to all Persons who are Owners or Occupiers of Houses or Lands within the said Parish, or who are rated to the Relief of the Poor, by lessening the Value of Property in the said Parish, and increasing the Poor Rates within the same:

And

L

cc-

Bnlfham Inclosure Bill,-passed.

fcrport on

Wilts and B;rks Canal Bill, further conl'uicred.

Bcrgh Ap-

ton, &c. Inclose Bill, committed.

Petition of Butchers g£ Great Yarmouth.

1'

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the House will not conlent to pass the same into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. 'Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the ift Day of next.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balfham,in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balsham, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 31st Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the 35th Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confident ion.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were' delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the H mie of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Walle Grounds in the Parishes Apton,

Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington, and in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bou-verie, of Northampton, Mr. John Fane, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Butchers, Tanners, and Skinners, of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions, which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying. That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be Vol. 56.

made therein, as to the House may seem just and Right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing John Erhardt WelppertV Weippert, was read the Third Time. off'J*'11*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt Weippert.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Lfoufe Commence on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Notw upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Port Bills, be now read.-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wiiole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge reported to the House, That he had, ac- Report of De-cording to their Order of this Day, been at tin. L ;rds, pj e to the and had delivered to their Lordships the Papers, lealed °

up, which he was directed to communicate to the Lords; and had acquainted their Lordships, that this House do desire that the said Papers may be returned to them, from Time to Time, as shall be found necessary for the Proceedings of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this T',e L>rds House, That the Lords have referred the Report made ih^Report^ from the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House, &c. comn-.u-and communicated to their Lordships on last,

and allb the several Papers presented to this House, by Committee of His Majesty's Command, upon the ift and 2d Days of Secrfcy-this inltant April, communicated by this House this Day to the Lords, to a Committee of Secrecy; and the Lords, being desirous at all Times to keep up a good Correspondence with this House, and being satisfied that it can never be more necessary than at this Juncture, will return the said Papers, from Time to Time, as shall be. delired by this House: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to grC to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the BurfordRoad Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two 1,iU*

Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post, in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Prefon, in the County of G/oucester, called Dancy's Fancy; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Secrecy, that they have Power to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee of Secrecy appointed by the Lords.

lnurucuon w

Committee of Secrecy, to communicate with the Committee appointed by the Lords.

A. i Soi.

r 7 0 Aprilis.

Ordered, That the Mvffengers Be again called in, and acquainted, that this House have given Power to the Committee of Secrecy, appointed by this House, to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee of Secrecy appointed by their Lord ships.

And the Meli'cngers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew'.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Curates frora^ Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Ex-the Horse pediency of exempting Curates, under certain Circuni-Duty- fiances, from the Duty impoled by an Act, made in the 58th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, " Carriages, Horlcs, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting " to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," upon Persons keeping One Horse.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, That they had come toallelolution; which they had cl ire died him to report, when the Iloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Exportation and Importation of Corn, &c. from and to Ireland, to be con side red.

Copies of Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, preferred.

Bill to revive and co ntinue

Av; so: P'T-

ver.tir.£ N-dL twjus Me:..r-

Hi* S, U pjl ted.

Resolved, That this ttoufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors ot Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish without Payment of Duty.

Mr. Conypresented to the House, by His Majesty's

Command;

Copy of a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, dated the 17th Day of March 1801, extending former Proclamations prohibiting the Exportation of Rice and Potatoes: And also,

Copy of a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant, dated the 17th Day of March 1801, extending former Proclamations to admit Rice, Indian Corn, and Flour, to Importation Duty free.

And the Titles of the said Papers w'ere read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers rue preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing, lor a Time to be limited, an Act, made in 1A pAh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, rmtt.md, " An Act for the more effectually " preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies," was cor.vrniu.ed, the Amendments which the Commit uc had meric to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the Amendments were 0:ne read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. "

Committee on Bill for de* staying retain Permanent Services in Ireland*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Sums of

Money for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called'

Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itteif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refujued the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee#* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^'omiesin upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Tea Ireland on imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braggs reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they lud directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cony pre fented to the House, according to Order, Bill forlm-a Bill for making Provision for the Entry and Return Porta;ioriof.

T, °. ... . ... . J Kice from the

Voyages or certain Ships which may import Rice or £aitindi« other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the into Ireland, Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships pr*enU ' coming directly from the East Indies: A.nd the same Was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the LotteryBiU, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for report granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting Bounties on deferred, the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye,

Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House IrWh Spirit* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And

4i Geo. III.

17" — 18° Aprilis.

289

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Cud:oms ad- Ordered, That Mr. Braggc do make the Report from re-" the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ported.' for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Jlaitins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingroifed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrollld.

Coatee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House continue Bar- *° resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, icy Malting upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for shortening, until the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and " One, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, " Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made everal Amend--ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare tronave\i1° an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of litia Estimate. the Militia of Great Britain, for the Year 1801.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Hi ley Addington, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

upon the Consolidated Futid, by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of His present Majesty, and die Annuity of £. 1. per Centum per Annum, upon Capitals created since

5th January 1793; distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, die several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable: And also,

An Account of the Progrels made in the Redemp- Redemption tion of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain to ill p^aed Debt, February 1801; distinguishing the Capitals' of the several Funds existing prior to 5th January 1/93, from those created since that Period; and specifying, as to the Debt prior to 5th January 1793, how much thereof has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Public Debt since 1 ft 1786, and at what Average Price of Stocks, and for what Sums of Money, and what Sums are now Annually applicable to the Reduction thereof; with the like Particulars as to the Debt created since 5th January 1793; and specifying also, the Amount of the Capital of the Debt provided for by the Government of Ireland; the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Commissioners by Reason of Land Tax redeemed, prior to the said 1 ft February 1801; and what further Annuities will tall in, and become applicable to, the Reduction of the National Debt.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix Appendix to this Volume, (No. 29.)

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, de. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fcrred* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, defer-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 18° die jdprilis;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1S0.1.

Committee appointed to prepare Estimate of Allowances to Adjutants, &c. of Militia.

Accounts prclemed:

Public Funded Debt.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Steele,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, -:

An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the same stood on the ift Day of February 1801; distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is created, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, so far as the same can be ascertained; — distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge VoL. 56.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and T,1C Lords Mr. Walker: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to revive for reviving, and further continuing, until Six Weeks b^beasCorpu; after the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia- Suspension ment, several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secureand detain such Persons as His Majesty shall fulpeft are conspiring against is Person and Government; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill ref c3,ng for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of the {.Mer'of^the Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire- RoMsinire-land, anti for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said an<-Office; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

4 E A Petition

A.. i8ot.

290 18° A prill s.

Petition of A Petition of the Ship Owners of South Shields was ship Owner* presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of ag^nft the Bill t^ie for repealing the several Acts now in Force for receding preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lighter-men, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of and that Part of the Duchy of adjoining

thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers; and Setting forth, That they approve the Tendency of the said Bill, and trust such Modifications and Alterations may be made as may be beneficial to the Community, without prejudicing the Interest of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners do not in any Manner, by detaining their Ships, or otherwise, enhance the Price of Coals, but always shew an Eagerness to proceed, even where the Probability is that they will lose; but they do allow that Ships have been detained by the Seamen illegally, the Provisions of the 31st Geo. III. Ch. 39, not being effectual; and lately, several Ships have not been employed, from a Certainty, by the Price of Coals in the North, and the low Price in London, and other Circumstances, of sinking vpyagely large Sums of Money: And therefore ^praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands; but that such Modifications may take place as will insure an open and free Trade, with a fair Remuneration, to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Report an A Motion being made. That the Report, which, Waiidsworth upon the ill Day of this Instant April, was made from Bill, further the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and considered. maintaining a Railway from the Town of

to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carjhalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Royal AlTent A Melfage by Sir Francis Gentleman Ulher

to Bill*. of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Aifent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, wynt up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the ltoyal AlTent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, Hi*

Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of G/oucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills:

Which Bills are as followeth; viz

An Act for reviving, and further continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government:

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Matter of the Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office:

An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies:

An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby:

An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor:

An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotoully assembled:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hooffstetter.

Then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Report on Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth to the Bill, further Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the con<3dered‘ Parish of Carjhalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey, was committed, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause

i8‘

20

Aprilis.

9 f

The Lords Committee of Secrecy to communicate with the Committee appointed by this House.

A C!ause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing Injury being done to certain Mills.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Commons and Waste Lands shall be conveyed by the Lords of the Manors.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gotham and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords have given Power to the Committee of Secrecy appointed by them, to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committtee of Secrecy appointed by this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

a P ace called Southley, in the Parish of , to the

West End of the Village of in the County of

Buckingham, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair* the Road leading from the said Place, called in the said

Parish of Datchet, to the West End of the said Village of Daichet, in the said County of Buckingham, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. George Vanjittart, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning, at Nin,e of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberand have Power to lead for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Members ad- Ordered, That Sir George William

inVrdingt^fri, Evelyn, Mr. George Villiers, and Mr. Gaujfen, be added &c. inclosuie to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and * bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition

of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub-, feribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates, in the several Manors or Lordships of and Witton, in the Parish of Aston junta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

Glasgow Roads Bill, presented.

Dumfries Roads Bill, presented.

Petition relative to Notices for Provision in New Windsor Road Bill*

Mr. Heron presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld: And the same was received; and read the First

»1V

I ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Heron presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from , by Annan,

Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 17th Day of March last, Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Buckingham, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Reading Mercury, in the Month of March last, and in the present Month of April, of the Application to Parliament for Provision being made in a Bill now depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New in

the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near , in the County of MiddleJ'ex, for the Pnrpol'e of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from V01. 56.

Lurice^ 200 die;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1S01.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Butchers, Skinners, Knackers, Glovers, and Breeches Makers, of the City and Neighbourhood of Chichcfier, in the County of Suffer, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House may seem just and right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. George Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads, deforibed in the said Act of the 28th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to in the County of

Oxford, to the End of Bur ford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon,in the said County of Beiks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors

Petition of Butchers, &c. of Chichester.

Culham Bridge Roads Bill, present- ed.

Member added to bring in Stanton Inclosure Bill.

Stanton Inclosure Bill, presented*

Elletfraere Ca« nal pill, reported*

Petition of Mr. Woodley again# Great Abington Inclosure Bill.

Cockermoulh and Working-tori Road Bill, reported.

20° Aprilis. A. 1801.

prietors of Lands and Grounds within the Lordship of Stanton, in the Parish of E, in the County of Stafford.

Mr. George Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to wlxom the Bill to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called 1‘he New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of to, and to communicate with, the Chester Canal in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of /Won, in the County of Chester, and for altering and amending the several Afits, palfed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Perl'ons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respefit to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House} and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Woodley, of Beeches, in the Parish > of Brent Pelham, in the County of Hertford, Yeoman, was presented to the House, and read } Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great

Abington, in the County of Cambridge-, and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law in the Form and State in which it now Hands, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioner, as a Lellee of the most considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish, and by the said Bill intended to be inclosed: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affefit his Interest as such Lessee; or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if lie thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of in the County

at Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of

rorkington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of and Work-

ington aforesaid, was committed } That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmenJ. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclolir.g, the Whole cloture Bill, Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack agreed Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and W'afte Lands, within the Parish of Great Crcjjingham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain open and inclosed Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Failures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little,

in the said County.

And the said Amendment was read} and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. li. 1. 27. After " provided," insert the following Proviso:

" Provided always, That if any Person or Perl'ons interested in the " Determination of the said Commissioners, re ipe filing the said " Boundaries, shall be dillixtisfied " with such Determination, such " Person or Perl'ons may appeal to " the Justices of the Peace afiting " in and for the said County of " Norfolk, at any General Quarter " Sessions of the Peace to be holden " in and for the said County, within " Three Calendar Months next after " the Publication of the said Boun-"daries} and the Decilion of the t( laid Justices therein shall be final " and conclusive." - -

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them,-that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Coni- Royal F.x-mittec, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Sub- a!^^om!"ur" Governor, Deputy Governor, and Direfitors, of the panys Peri-Royal Exchange AJJurance, for insuring Ships and Goods non. reported, at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Afit, pafl'ed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better securing certain Powers anti Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by the Charter for A durance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money at Bottomrie, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read; and Letters Patent, dated the 22d Day of June 1720, were produced, and read, whereby it appeared, that certain Perl'ons therein named were incorporated for the Purpose of insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomrie,

by the Name of " The Royal Exchange with

Power for them, and their Successors, to make such Assurance; and, by the said Charter of Incorporation, the Petitioners are empowered only to allure Ships,

Goods, and Merchandizes at Sea, or going to Sea. — Then,

Mr. Matthias Lucas bring examined, said. That a very extensive Inland Navigation is carried on, in different Parts of the United Kingdom, by means of Canals.

Mr. Matthew Ward being also examined, said. That frequent Applications have been made to the said Corporation, to insure the Vessals concerned in these Navigations, and the Property laden on board them; which they do not conceive the present Charter empowers them to do. — And,

Mr. Lucas being again examined, said. That any additional Security, which can be given to the extensive Intercourse between the different Parts of the United Kingdom, will be of National Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange A(}hrance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein: And that Sir "John William Andersonand Sir Robert Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Imdon Af- Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com-to whom the Petition of The London tkioo, report- Corporation, for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or g°ing to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by His Majesty, by Two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read: Then Letters Patent, dated the 22 d Day of June 1720, were produced and read: Whereby it appeared, that divers Persons therein-named, were constituted to be a Corporation for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by the Name of " The London ," with Power

for them, and their Successors, to make such Alfurances. And it also appeared to Your Committee, that by such Charter of Incorporation, the Petitioners are empowered only to allure Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes, at Sea, or going to Sea. — And,

Mr. Alexander Crawford being examined, said, That a very extensive Inland Navigation is now carried on, in different Parts of the United Kingdom, by means of Canals; and that frequent Applications have been made to the said Corporation, to insure Vessels employed in Inland Navigations, and the Property laden on board thereof; which they do not conceive their present Charter empowers them to do. — Then,

Mr. Stephen Lee (Secretary to the said Corporation) being examined, said. That the Petitioners conceive, that any additional Security which can be given to the extensive Intercourse between the different Parts of the United Kingdom, will be of National Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable tire Corporation of The London AJjitrance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein: And that Sir John William Anderson and Sir Robert Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

VOL. 56.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom Hertingforl-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ^^rud! and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingjordbury, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him ' to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Petition ofsir Acland, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others, ^es> Owners and Proprietors of Estates and Lands lying near, NorthWotton or adjoining to, the River Brue, in the County of - Drainage Bill. set, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes or Chapelries of North Wotton, Pi/ton, West Pemiard, and several other

Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owne/s and Proprietors of Estates lying near, or adjoining to, and draining into, the River Brue, in the County of Somerset; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Petitioners, and many other Persons, will be much injured in their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counicl, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as are prejudicial to their Rights and Interests; and that the same may not pals into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counlcl, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Count'd to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Robert Sharrock, of in the Petition of

County of Norfolk, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for diviaing and lndoiurc soli! allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields,

Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Gey to therwile Gayton,

otherwise Guyton,in the County of Norfolk-, and Setting

forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Welt-

Hall, in Geyton, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of'

the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds contain together,

by Estimation, 610 Acres, or thereabouts, and the

Remainder of the Lands and Grounds, lying in the said

Parish, do contain together, by Estimation, 2,200

Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner is Owner

and Proprietor of a capital Messuage, called Well-Hall,

otherwise the Manor House, Two Cottages, and a Farm

called Well-Hall Farm, containing, by Estimation, 600

Acres, or thereabouts, lying in the said Parish, and is

4 F also

StonrcfifU

Inclosure Bi.'lj reported.

Petitions of Curriers, Tanners, See.

294

20* Aprilis.

A. 1801.

also entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk in, over, and upon all, or the great ell Part of, the said Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and to certain Commonable Rights in, over, and upon, the same Premises; and that the said Rights, and particularly the said Rights of Sheepwalk over the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are very beneficial to the Petitioner's Edate, and conduce, in a great Measure, to the Support and Cultivation thereof; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be injurious to the Estates and Property of the Petitioner, and lefl'en the Value thereof, by a partial and unequal Division of the said Lands and Grounds, and by an Extinguishment of the Petitioner's said Rights of Sheepwalk over the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which are, in their present State, peculiarly adapted to the Support of Sheep: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, Agent, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself, Agent, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lord Francis Almaric Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pari fit of Slonesfield, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,'and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; gnd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

o

A Petition of the Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford:And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sa Hers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Towns of Whitchurch, }illeft acre, Wem, and their Vicinity;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying. That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Bedford Gaol for the County of Bedford, was presented to the |?^or* Pe' House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jj^orw b!i'* to dissolve the Marriage of George Dnckivorth, wfith committed.' Mary Grundy, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved ', That this House will, upon Tomorrow

Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-nelles, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ^cvf^®n0fn thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Occupiers of Croydon and Lands, Merchants, Ship Builders, Tradesmen, and others, Rotherfotj* Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Towns of Rother- C hithe, Deptford, Lewi/ham, Sydenham, Beckenham, Croydon,

Alit chant, Streatham, Godfone, Bletching/ey, Ni<tfield, Ryegate,

Beddington, Carjhalton, Wickham,

Edenbridge, and other Parishes, low ns, and Places, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent,not being Subscribers to the proposed Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rot her hit he ,in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, and Dul-

wich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the 1 own of Sydtnham,in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Phipps presented to the House, according to Scarboroueh Order, a Bill for further continuing the Duties, and en- presented.' ' Jarging the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the 5th and 25th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. ^''a^dtc

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An pirits

Act for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland; and for allowing, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ireland,"on'* repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ire- Tea, &c. land, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and rePorred-

for

for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals im* ported into Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rend the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bat ford?. Mr. Bragge,according to Order, reported from the fraying certain Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fcic«in granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for Ireland,re- defraying the Charge of certain Permanent S.-rvices in ported. that Part of the United Kingdom cal ed , was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PI ace; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bili, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To -morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to XtrT'orr re 've itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to tion of Cornj consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief ice.from and Governor or Ciiiet Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the to Ireland. Exportation from Ireland of Corn and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

P»pmre- Ordered, That the Copy of a Proclamation of the fared. Lord Lieutenant of Ireland,' dated the 17th Day of March 1801, extending former Proclamations prohibiting the Exportation of Rice and Potatoes, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant, dated the 17th Day of March 1801, extending former Proclamations to admit Rice, Indian Corn, and Flour, to Importation Duty free, be referred to the said Committee.

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, such Proclama-

And the said Order being read accordingly i The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House:

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committed of the whole Hodfe,upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the Third irifhCorn Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting Bounties on lU*

the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye,

Oats, ana Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the 'title be, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and indiafi Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

Ordered, That Mr. Carry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mlh 9plrit» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, a List Lift of Public of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts since the 5th of July 1785, wherein no Progress has been made by the said Commissioners; distinguishing those which are under Examination, from those on which no Proceeding has been had; and specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, the Times when their Accounts were delivered in, the total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances thereon.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Lottery BUI, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Passed* Majesty a, certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

00

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for im- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Kafromthe Reaci‘ng of the Bill for making Provision for the Entry Eift indies, and Return Voyages of certain Ships, which may import committed. ft;ce or other Grain from the Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East , be now read.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Customs addi-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His li9nal Dutie* Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Bdl» Passed* Raisins, and Pepper, imported into Great Britain, on Pepper exported from Great Britain, and on Lead exported from the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from. Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Abbot, according to Order, reported from the BUl to con. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

revive r^orte^.

2$6

20° Aprilis.

A. 1801.

Committee appointed to prepare Eiti-mate of Allowances to Militia Officers.

Accounts p re fen ted:

Expence of

collecting the Income Tax.

Duty on Hops.

Appendix

(No. 30.)

Report on Exemption of Curates from the Horse

Duty.

revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for shortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the

" Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley da-' u maged by Rain in the late Harvest," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Eftinrafe of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Stee/e, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the actual and estimated Expence of collecting the Tax on Income, for the Year 1799 and 1800: And also,

An Account of the Duty on Hops grown in Great Britain, in the Year 1800.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the first is insertecl in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Whitbread, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Expediency of exempting Curates, under certain Circumstances, from the Duty impoled by an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horles, Mules,

" and Dogs; and for granting to His Majesty other " Duties in lieu thereof," upon Persons keeping One Horse, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that all Persons in Holy Orders, not assessed to the Duty on Income, should be permitted to keep One Horse only, for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Restrictions and Limitations.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. WhitbreMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, and Mr. Bfiigge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to revive and continue Act for Pre-

The Bill (now ingrossed) for reviving and continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 36th

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious " Meetings and Afiembiies," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pais;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y'eas Mr‘ SecretaiY at War> \ , ,2

tellers for the I eas, Mr \ 5

Tellers for the Noes,| ^ie'idan, ?

(Mr. Tierney: $

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings " and Assemblies."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Licensed Victuallers, Alehouse-keepers, and Innkeepers, of the several Parishes of Saint Paul, S ha dwell, and Saint v in the County of

Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing the several Acts now in Force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Wefuninftert and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary leBone, and such Part of the Purish of

Saint Andrew, Ho/horn, as lies in the said County of

Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rot her/,tithe, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers; and Setting forth. That the Coalheavers employed on the River Thames amount to upwards of One Thousand Men, and the Petitioners, from being allowed to act as Coal Undertakers, or Providers of Coalheavers, have had many and repeated Opportunities of affording Relief and Comfort to the Coalheavers, who worked from the Petitioners Houses, and particularly in relieving their Families in the Winter Time, and in the Time of their being out of Employ; and the Petitioners have given univerlal Satisfaction also to their Employers; and that, by giving to any particular Set of Men a Power exclusively of acting as Coal Undertakers, or limiting their Number to a few Individuals, the Petitioners conceive will not only be the Means of the Ruin of the Petitioners, and most of the Licensed Victuallers and Alehousekeepers contiguous to the Water Side, but will create a Monopoly in the providing Coallreavers to work the Ships out, and eventually tend to afford an Opportunity of practising Inipositions on the Coalheavers, and thereby an Injury to the Public at large: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration; and allow the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

And Notice being t-ken that Forty Members were not preilnt; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1Mart is.

venting Seditious Meeting*; paifeii.

Petition of Victuallers, See. against Bill, respecting Coals.

ii" A prills. 297

Mart is, 2i° die;

Anno 41* Georgii III'11 Regis, i8oii Prayers.

J*ftition of A Petition of the Ship Owners of North Shields, and Shin Owners LjL 'ts Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read;

shir Ms?1 'Puking Notice of the Bill for repealing the several Acts

afuin'i.the nowin Force for preventing the Combination of Coal

Coal*Owners, Lightermen, and Mailers of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Hole, in the County of Middle sex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and thd several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint AndrewHulborn, as lies in the said County of

Middlefx, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe,in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for thofePurpoles; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers; and Setting forth. That they approve the Tendency of the said Bill, and trull such Modifications and Alterations will be made as may be beneficial to the Community, without prejudicing the Intereil of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners do not, in any Manner, by detaining their Ships, or otherwise, enhance the Price of Coals, but always lhevv an Eagerness to proceed, even when the Probability is that they will lole; but they do allow that Ships have been often detained by Seamen in a forcible and illegal Manner, even under the Guns of His Majesty's Ships of War lying in the Port of; and

that the Provisions of the 31st Geo. III. Chap. 39. are not at all e fie dual, and lately, several Ships have not been employed in the Coal Trade, from a Certainty, by the high Price of Coals in the North, and the low Price in London, and the Expences of Navigation increasing greatly, of sinking each Voyage large Sums of Money: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law as it now Hands; but that such Modifications may take place as will insure an open and free Trade, with a fair Remuneration, to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition rcla- Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, so^Provisioti* *° vv^om' ^ie Petition of the several Persons, whole in New wind- Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the lor Road Bill, Parish of Datchet, in the County of was re-

teported. ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Newl papers called The Reading Mercury, dated the 23d and 30th of March Jail, and the 6th Day of this present Instant April, were produced to Your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Provision being made in a Bill now depending in the llouie, intituled, " a Bill for making and maintaining " a Road from the Town of New Wind for, in the County " ot Berks,into the London Road, at or near a Bridge " called High Bridge near , in the County of

" Middlesex,"for amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road leading from a Place called in

the Parish of Datchet, to the West End of the Village of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, on the 17th Day of March lati: And,

Vol. 36.

Mr. Brackley Woods informed Your Cornmittee, That* agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notices of Application had been affixed on the Seffioijs II ouse Door at Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, a I the last Eafer Quarter Sessions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, instruaioni to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Wind for, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of is

committed. That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Southley, in the Parish of Datchet, to the Well End of the Village of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to Nether Bridg« whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging Ported?1* the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridgein the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Milithrop, to and from the Town of Milithrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawtlirop Hall, in the County aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Hemingford doling, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, InSl°.sure Bill, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several pa e * Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abbotls, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Refo/vcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term'and Powers Cockermouth of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his ?nd work-late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year' of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlife, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlife, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Wirkington aforesaid.

4 G,

Ordered, That Sir -Rofor/ Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ij^n°Gejr"' thereunto subscribed, interested'in the Open and Corn-ton inclosure mon Fields, HalfYear or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Bl11, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Geyton, other-

wife Gayton, otherwise Guyton, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, HalfYear or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Geyton, otherwise Gayton, otherwise Guyton, in the County of Norfolk; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioners conceive the same will be injurious to their Interests: And therefore praying, That they maybe heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interests, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the 29th Day of this ln-stant April.

Leeds Church A Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, Bid, commit- lately erected in or near within the Town

and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Little Cox- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Bm/ como*'1^ an<^ ^omrnon fields, Common Meadows, Common Parted.' m lutes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Folkestone, the Marquis of &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tetbury _ The Marquis of W or refer reported from the Com-tk^d«Pe!i*H m*ttee>to whom the Petition of the several Persons, P° e ‘ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, for repairing the Roads from 'tetbury to Simonds Hall , and several other Roads therein particularly mentioned, in the County of

cester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. _

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads trom tetbury to the Gate on the West of Simonds Hall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirenct ‘ftertowards and from the Field called

Bowl Down Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining the Turnpike Road from Horsley to near ttit up's

Inn, and from the Market House in tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchiughampt Common, and from the said Road in Minchiughampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencesterto Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Mill Pond, in Chalford

Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and also; an Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said last mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchiughampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchiughampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to tayloe's Pond, in ford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, were read: And*

Mr. George IFathen being examined, said, That the Trustees for executing the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Roads, have borrowed a confulerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on those Roads; which, Money cannot be paid off, nor the Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as respects those Roads, be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and it is necessary that the Tolls should be encreafcJ. — Then,

Mr. thomas Packer Butt being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Road at Mill Pond in

O

Chalford Bottom aforesaid, up to, and over Bijley Common, and from thence to a Place called Fojlcn s in the Parish of Bijley, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be luiHciently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if Powers were given for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of ‘the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in tetbury to the Turnpike Road on

Minchiughampton Common, and from the said Road in

MinchiugamptonField unto the Turnpike lload from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to tayloe's Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne in the County of Gloucester $ and for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road from tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid, to Foft on Ash, in the Parish of Bijley, in the said County of Gloucester: And that the Marquis of Worcester and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Com- a^"na)wher* mon Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of cjiuinton ln-Quainton, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to clofurt B*11, the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Quaiutou,in the County of Buckingham j and Setting forth, That the Proprietors of the said Commonable Lands are very numerous, and the Shares or Properties belonging to moll of them are so small, that the proposed Division and Inclosure would be attended with an Expence far exceeding any Improvement to be derived therefrom; and that a great Majority, in Number, of the said Proprietors, dilfent to the said Bill, and the Proprietors of more than One-third, and very nearly One-half Part, in Value, of the Lands to be inclosed, also dilfent thereto; and that many of the Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill are also highly injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered,

41 GfcO. Ill 4i Aprilis, £99

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ! Confidefation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

; Minute of Estimate of the Charge of additional Field Officers to fidd officer* l*everal Corps of Militia, in that Part of the United to Irish Mili- Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, tu, presented. from the 24th March 1801 to the 24th

lowing, both inclusive, being 276 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Appendix The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to (No. 31.) this Volume.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Taylor's Pi- to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, Yorce Bill.

upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor, Gentleman, with Catherine Birchall Taylor,his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, Militia Efti-who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the n'ate,report". Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the Year 1801; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1801.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men -

Cloathing for D® -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants ——

Cloathing for D® ——

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers ——

Cloathing for D* ——

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals ——

D° - - . D* 66 Adjutants - -

28 Days Pay to the several Officers ——

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, £.50 Ann. each - -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at

D® to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for Contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each Private Man and Drummer ——

Half-pay to Superannuated Adjutants -.

I-

C-d.

28,784 ——

30,840 — — 18,781 —

3,598 ——

4,690 -

1,028 ——

12,521 ——

7,195 ——

8,700 ——

3»5°° ——

4,000 ——

10,023 ——

2,000 — —

135,66° ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mlrttbeaing The Order of the Day being read, for the' Second wd.''^eftr* Reading of the Bill for repealing the several Acts now in Force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and I, between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Wefir minster, and that Part of the Duchy of adjoining

Vol. 56.

thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the said County of -dlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill toamend 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present ^biSn

Majesty, Act, ordered.

21* — 22*

A. 1801.

Committee on B^nk Notes Bill.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to tcpeal an Act, passed " in the kit Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and " to subscitute other Provisions in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act, as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to: And that General Gascoyne and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee of the whole House/to consider further of the Bill for the more eft'edually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfitlart took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present; *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question fir It put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Petition of Butchers, &c. of Exeter.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Apr His;

Anno 41° Georgii IIItn Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A Petition of the Butchers of the City and Neighbourhood Qf Exeter, was prelected to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last' Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damage ing of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto; and praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House shall seem just and right; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, if they should be advised so to do.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Air. Henry Lascelles repotted from the Committee, to Think an whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the Exe- pit,non, rt-cution of the several Acts thereinafter mentioned, was Ported* referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with i and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the a8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Yrear of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Ski pi on Bridge, through Bn/-derfljy to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Qjiernhove, and Nofterjeld, by I Veil Flnjhes, to Masham, in the County of York; 'and like wile for removing the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Bv.Jby Slobby in the said County, to iome other convenient Place in the Road leading from Boroughbridge, to the City of Durham, were read:

And,

Mr. William Morton being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, which lliil remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the iiud Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that several of the Tolls, Powers, and Provisions thereby granted, fttould be altered and enlarged.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from T/iirJk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Quemhow, and Nojierfield, by Well Flajhes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York: And that Mr, Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor, Gentleman, 1 *

with Catherine Bircliall Taylor, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hathagreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Petitions of A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Shoe-Tanners, &c. makers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and Borough of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for Ci*

1 r 7 1 n , rr* i r t . £ renedter and the 10th Day of March lait, " JLhat Leave be given to cricklade " bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging Reacts Bill,

" the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Ycarot another u the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Bill ordered. " and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencejer, in the cc County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of " Wills? might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Report which, upon the said 10th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed which was made irom the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencejer, in the County of Glouccjer, to Cricklade, in

4i Geo. III. 220 Aprilis. jor

the County of Wilts, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of to Crick lade,

in the County of Wilts, and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid: And that Mr. EJlcourt and the Lord Porckester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition of the A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The tionCanaiC" Grand JunSlionCanal, was presented to the House, and Company, read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widen-Iwf ton^and improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading Harrow Road from Paddington to Harroxv-on-the-Hill, in the County of Bill. Middlesex j and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains

Clauses and Provisions, which, if, passed into a Law in its present Form, will be injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners 1 And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Couniel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect! their Rights and Interests, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confkieration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Couniel and Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or other-ground ii clo* wife interfiled in the Open Fields, Open Meadows, fore, Bill commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of

with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Ifleof Fly,was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the said Lands and Grounds; and Setting forth, That if the same should pass into a Law as it now Hands, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may he heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against i'uch Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to Whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, and Counsel-, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

the Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr.

lave agreed Smith:

10 Mr. Speaker,

Burgh and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Biliockby In- for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserv-D^age Bill. )ng> t*ie Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Biliockby, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 56,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act Hickling infer dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserv- anj*H ing, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, *

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Norfolkj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Happifcurgh, ' for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and lofwt Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons,

Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happifburgh and Leffingkatn, in the County of Norfolk and for eXtinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shack-age in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happifburgh; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, sure Commons, or Waste Lands, lying ana being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Sofnerfet; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lordr naturalizing Saint George Knudson; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Nat. Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateny, by Annan, Dum- Roads Bill, fries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of comnutte Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heron,

Sir John Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill fot enlarging the Term and Powers of so much Glasgow of an Act, passed in the 35th Year of His present Ma- ^ft. Bill, jesty^s Reign, for repairing the Road from c

to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same,

as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Gam-gad Hill to Proven Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leadingto Cumbernauld, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Stonesfieldln-the Open Common Fields, Common Paftufes, Com- cl^[ur: Bill* monable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within p e ' the Parish of S/onesfeld, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Manningfori Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open ?ruCD-1n'cl" and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and fcnted. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Martningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ah ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Rail- Wandsworth way from the Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Cray- Bill.'passed*

don, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carjhal-

ton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in th*

County of Surrey, was read the Third Tim$.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsAnd that the Title 4 H . be.

302 22° Aprilis. 4. 1801.

be, An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandfwortkto the Town of , with

a Collateral Branch into the Parish of , and a

Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandfivorth, all in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Rujfell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace5 That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read 3 and is as followeth j viz.

Allowances^ Militia Officers, reported,

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia.

To 300 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of /. 25 per Annum respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly £. s. d.

Exercise ----- ----- - 7,500 — —

To 300 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of £. 20 per

Annum, respectively - - - * - 6,000 4

£ 13,500

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tabie.

Estimate of Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, Ac'liuTmt?510 who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Ex-Ac. of Militia, pence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant reported. Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign> That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read 3 and is as followeth,) viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign for the Year 1801.

The Number of Militia Corps, either totally reduced, or in which a Reduction has taken Place, amounts to 94. The Number of Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, that it will be necessary to provide for cannot be exactly ascertained 3 but, calculating upon those Corps from which Returns have been already received, at the Rate of £.54. 15*. for each Adjutant, £.24. 15 J. for each Serjeant Major, and 18. 15*. for each Serjeant 5 the Expence of the Whole for the Year 1801, may be estimated at ——

13,300 ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table

Petition rda- Mr. MDowallreported from the Committee, to whom

tive to No- the Petition of the Potions thereunto subscribing, town Roads5* Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, was referred 3 «ported. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read 3 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three printed Newspapers, called The Caledonian Mercury, dated the 26th, 28th, and 30th of March last, were produced to Your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for effectually making, widening, and keeping in Repair, the lload ' through the County of Wigtown, from the High Bridge *

of Cree, by Newton Douglas and to Port pat rich,

and from thence by Stranraer, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 19th Day of March last.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 19th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 18th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown," and for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and . keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglas and to Fortpatrick, and from thenqe, by Stranraer, to the

Confines

4-i Geo. tit*

V ?

2 2* Apr

3°5

Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Loch- 6r Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exporta-

iCnudson'i Nat. Bill; read.

Account of the Duty on Hops,ordered.

6111 to amend Scotch Militia Act s, ordered;

ryan, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And that Mr. AE Dozvall and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Saint George Knudson, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty on Hops grown in the Year 1800; distinguishing the Amount paid in each County.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to raile and embody a Militia Force in that " Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland" inight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to give further Time for executing, and for " enlarging, the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and errl-

tion from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fifti without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland: And that Mr.

Bragge, Mr. Carry, and Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 27 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled,

" An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs " and Excise, and granting other Duties iri lieu thereof,

" and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties composing the public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the Eu-<f ropean Dominions of the French King, into thisKingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of the said Act.

General Gascoytie presented to the House, according

Customs, be, Consolidation Act, to be con ltd ere d.

body a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in Great Britain called Scotland,"might be read. nml Y^ars of flip Reicrn of Hie nr^font

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to call out a " Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of " Great Britain called Scotlandmight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh jesty.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising

Bill to amend

Workmens Combination Act, pre-fenitd.

the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and to " substitute other Provisions in lieh thereof," as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To -morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Friday Morning Supply de-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fared, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

ce

a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to' amend the said Acts: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. MDoiva/l, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de*

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Report on Exportation and importation of Corn, &c. from and to Ireland.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing Eiilforgrant-ceftain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting Tw^c^cie-additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into fared.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ireland, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to Bill for de-

Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the ^ingwmin from Ireland ot Corn and Potatoes, and to permit the Charge of certain Permanent Services in that Part of

Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty, be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the United Kingdom called Ireland be read the Third *re,d» de" Time Tomorrow Morning. *rre *

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill for Im- -resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor upon the Bill for making Provision for the Entry and Eastindies or Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exporta- Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice tion from Ireland, of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Importation of Rice or other Grain into in Ships

Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as coming directly from the East Indies. have acted for the Service of the Public, inadvifing or

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, V"1* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deterred- the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in

carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Cord Lieutenant and Council of.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor such Spirits in lieu thereof,

Vo 1. 56. , Ordered,

ip J

304

22* — 23° .

A \ 1801.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That the \ ill (now ingrossed) to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the deferred. ' last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for short-k‘ ening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thoul'and Eight hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain " in the late Harvest," be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Additional A Petition of the Magistrates or Baillies, and Town Greenock* Council of the Burgh of Barony of , and of the

Harbour and Reverend Robo t Steele, Minister of the Pari (h of Police. was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the 13th and 29th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of for l'upplying the

Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water, and for other Purposes therein particularly specified; and that it would be attended with Advantage to the said Town, and to the Petitioner, the said Robert Steele, if Power ,was given to him, with the Content and Approbation of certain Heritors of the Parish, and the Members of the Presbytery, to feu out his Glebe, under certain Conditions and Restrictions: And therefore praying, That Provisions may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates or Baillies and Town Council of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lords have agreed to

Selkirk. Roads Bill

The Lords

have passed Lanp ley's Ef-tate Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, the High Roads in the County of ;without any Amendment: Andalfb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in Lynn, in the County of Norfolk (being an Estate devised by the Will of William Langley, deceased, in strict Settlement) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samuel Baker, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now Hand limited under and by virtue of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bank Notes Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill, deferred. ref0Jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgeiy of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills.

nertingford- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fur?" Bill, °" the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

paired. ' Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and thd Question being put. Motion for m That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Addrest for a That He will be graciously pleased to to give Directions DukVofth* that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter York', from His Royal Highness the Duke of York, Com- (NeS‘) mander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, dated the 28th February 1800, to Mr. Secretary Dundas;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ,he } 45-

Tellers for the Nocs,l‘Mr' William J

I Mr. Grosvenor 3

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 23* die Aprilis;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 18 01.

Prayers.

A Petition of Wilfred Rtchardson, of Birmingham, in Petition ot

the County of Warwick, Ironmonger, was pre- *

fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Birmingham Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed P^yn£> in the 9th and 13th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways,

Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets,

Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes; and Setting forth. That by the Operation of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, the House and Shop in which the Petitioner now lives and carries on his Bu-finess, together with Five other Buildings situate in Saint Martin's Lane, will be wrested from him, without the Probability of his finding a Place in the Neighbourhood adapted to his Business, which mud suffer extremely by being transferred to any other Part of the Town; and that the annual Rent of the Five Buildings above-mentioned, though ancient and decayed, was £. 34. 10 s. till about Seven or Eight Years ago, since which Period their Produce has been very small, the Apprehensions of a Bill similar to the present preventing the Petitioner from felling, re-building, or converting them to any substantial Advantage; and that, so long ago as the Year 1796, the Petitioner made a Proposal to the Coir.missioners of Lamps and Scavengers in Birmingham of felling Three of the said Buildings or Tenements, at a moderate Price, for the Convenience of the Town, but then wished, and (till wilhes, to reserve Two of them for his own Accommodation, which are not, nor ever were, a Nuisance, as they leave the Street from Twenty-eight Feet and an Half to Thirty-one Feet wide, a Space not exceeded by other Parts which are to remain unmolested; and that the Petitioner, intending to remove his Business to this his Hereditary Freehold, being informed it was not included in the Bill, has taken Two of the said Buildings down at an Expence of nearly £.40, and, should the Bill pals, he is justly alarmed left he should not receive an adequate Compensation, as no Reference will be made to the Losses which he has sustained, or the Expence whiefv he has incurred; anefthat the Petitioner, willing to accommodate the Town, will resign for a fair Consideration Three of the said Buildings; and, though anxious to

retain

Account* re* speding Ncu tnd Ships, predated.

Little Staugh-ton Inclosure Bill, present-. ed.

Petition relative to Notices for Provision in Deeping, Crowland, . &c. Drainage and Inclosure Bill.

41 Geo. III. 23° dprilis.. 305

retain the Remainder, he has no Objection to sacrifice so much Ground in front as will make the opposite Street full Ten Yards wide in every Part, the Breadth prescribed by Two former Acts of Parliament: And therefore imploring the Protection of the House against an Act with relpedl to him so cruel and oppressive, well knowing, that the Justice and Humanity of the House will not suffer the patrimonial Property of an unoffending Tradesman to be torn from him without the strongest Necessity, and the amplest Compensation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Admiralty Office at Doctors Commons, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of tto Neutral Ships detained and brought into Great Britain and Ireland by His Majesty's Ships of War, and private Ships of War, bearing Letters of Marque, from 5th March 1793 to 30th December 1796, inclusive; distinguishing the Nature of their Cargoes, and their Condemnation or Release, by the High Court of Admiralty of England, with Freight and Expences, or otherwise, with the Date of such Condemnation or Release: And also,

An Account of the several Appeals against Decrees condemning Ships and Goods claimed by Neutrals, pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty of England, and the several Courts of Vice Admiralty, which now stand ready for hearing.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tfte Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Staughton, in the County of And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are -thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping Fen, lying between the said River Glen and the River Welland, all in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of the Leave of the House, of the ill Day of this Inllant April, Notices have been given of the Application to Parliament for draining the several inclosed Lands and Grounds described in the Report which was made, on the 31 ft Day of March last, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and Thur/by, adjoining, and lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping Fen, lying between the said River Glen and the River Welland, all in the County of Lincoln, was referred, by affixing such Notices on the Doors of the several Parish Churches of Market Deeping, James Deeping, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, Cowbit, Crowland, Bourn, and Thurlby, in the said

County of Lincoln, for Three Sundays in the present Month of April:And therefore praying, That, in the Bill ordered to be brought in for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing Deeping, Crowland, Langtojt, Vo L,56.

Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, in the Parts of Kef even and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, Provision may be made for effectuating the several Purposes mentioned in their laid former Petition, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-ftridtions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Drainage and Inclosure of the Common Half Year Laud, Walhes, and Waste Grounds, in, adjoining, or near to, the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Maxwell, Elbuire, being examined, said. That there are, in or near to the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, a Common called Crowland Common, of Goggushland,containing upwards of 1,050 Acres,

and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable, and Waste Grounds, called The and Fodder

Lets, containing together 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; all which laid Lands are subject to material Injury by Floods, and otherwise annoyed with Water, foas in their present State, to be of inconsiderable Value; but if drained, divided, and inclosed, would materially benefit the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Common called 'Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Open Half

Year's Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Wajhes, and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining, or near to, the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ef court presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade,in the County of and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at in the said County of Wilts,to the -Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Horton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, appointed in and by Two several Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of to the Di-

recting Poll, near the Town of Famham, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had

41 examined.

Crowland Drainage and Inclosure Pe-tion, reported.

Cirencester and Cricklade Roads Bill, presented.

Guldeford Roads Petition, reported.

A. 1801,

The Lords have agreed to

Innkeepers

Committee on Great Abing-ton Inclosure Bill, to fend for Ptrfcms, Papers, and

Petition for Proridon in Reading Roads Sill, reported*

(Aftro&oiu

2 30 Aprilis.

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Alts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Hockley, being examined, said, That the

Trustees have proceeded in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which Hill remain owing: That the Powers granted by the said Acts, have, in some Instances, been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and that the Term of the said Acts, is near expiring, and the Money borrowed, and due as aforesaid, cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Poll near the Town of -ham,in the County of Surrey: And that General Norton, Mr. Onslow, Lord William Ruffed, and Sir fohn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Sublillence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the Road from the Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Billsfor paving and lighting any City or Town, as the Expence of lighting the said Road is intended to be defrayed out of the Tolls; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 1 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That several Parts of the said Road which lead through Towns and Villages are narrow, and thereby Accidents frequently happen in the Night, which might in a great Measure be prevented, if the same were properly lighted.

Ordered, That it be an Inltruction to the Committee* to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the *

County of Southampton, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for lighting the said Road.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to TMrfk and Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, |ki|?toaD severally passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his Bill, prerent* late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th ed-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skip!on Bridge, through Balder fby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, and

Noflerfield, by Well F/aJJjes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, Bill respeaing a Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief JJonf&c?rf* Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit Corn rromiai the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Irelan Corn and Fish, p without Payment of Duty, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for Reading of the ingrafted Bill for repealing certain Du- granting Dn-

° fr . j -.Tilj . tles m Ite'and

ties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting onxei, &c. other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting addi- passed. tional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Dufies in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for de-Reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of Service* in certain Permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed Workmen* in the 39 th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present act, c<ramit> Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, passed tedin the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and " to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof," as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Gas-coyne, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

4i Ge<x III. 23° — 24* Aprilis.

3Q7

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Bill for im- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Itfw fomthe upon the Bill for making Provision for the Entry and East indies Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice into Ireland. or otjjer Gram from the Raft Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directiy from the Raft Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

irish Spirits Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House drfentd.' *° rc^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House

e erre ' upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits dis-

tilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

" and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties composing the Public Revenue; forpermitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of " the European Dominions of th King, into this

" Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of " Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National " Debt."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 240 Apr tin;

Anno 41® Georgii III*14 Regis, 1801.

Bill to con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third of the ingrossed Bill, to revive and continue, pried. for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ".An Act for Ihortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest," be now read.

And the said Ord^r being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, madeinthe last Session of Parliament,intituled, "An Act for Ihortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by " Rain in the last Harvest."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bank Notes, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fared!11'de* to ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to amend The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Aa^orefent! House, according to Order, a Bill to amend several Acts «d. for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee or The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ConfoHcUtton w^e House, to consider of an Act, made in the 27th Aa. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs " and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, Yol. 56.

Prayers.

MR. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Samuel Worrall, and the! other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Members of the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was referred; Thatjhe Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of Raft Hendred, which is in the' Hundred of IVantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanftde, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Arding-ton Mead, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout! and

then

Kennet and Avon Canal Bill* reported.

Westmailfide Inclosure Bill 1 reported.

24* Apr ills.

A. i8or.

New Windsor Road Bill, reported.

then a Second Time, One by One; And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of , into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Mortgagees of the Tolls authorized to be collected by the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses of the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, by virtue of an Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the said Town, on Behalf of themselves, and others; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Maidenhead, through which the ancient Bath Road to London pafies; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses, of the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks; and also, the Petition of the Trustees of the First District of the Turnpike Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks; and also, the Petition of the Reverend Robert Gunfley Ayerjl, of Ealing, in the County of Clerk, a Mort-

gagee of the Tolls of the First District of the Turnpike Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge,in the County of Berks, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

dividing* allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Watfham Saint Lawrence^ and South Walsham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same: And that Sir Martin Browne Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Act ley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk (being an Estate deviled by the Will of William Langley, deceased, in Itrict Settlement) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samuel Baker, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now Hand limited, under and by virtue of the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of lndofure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bui, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hail directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

South Waif- Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com-and Drainage to whom the Petition of the several Persons,

Petition, re*^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners ported. and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes ot South Walsham, Saint Lawrence, and South Walsham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of lndofure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Fearman being examined, said, That there are within the said Parishes a certain Open Field, and certain Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; but, that the same are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners thereof,

' and are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, yield very little Profit. — And he added. That it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to-their respective Rights and interests, and if the same were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eiift Halton,in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.7. 8 r. who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at jf.n. 2 s.who declined to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the lndofure; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, is assessed to the Land Tax at £.103. 13J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

Langfejr*# Estate Bill, read.

South Ferriby Inclosure Bill* reported.

East Halton

lndofure BiOt reported.

4i Geo. III.

(24* Jprilis,

309

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering And enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the 9th and 2cith Years of the lieign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do tarty the Bill the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, Royal Ex-according to Order, a Bill to enable the Corporation of com. _ The Royal Exchange to allure Y'eflels, Barges, pany'3 Bill,

Roads, ddcribed in the said Act of the 28th Year of Keels, Boats, and other, Craft, employed in Inland Preftnttfti< his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Cul- Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, ham Bridge next to Cu/ham, in the County of Oxford,to laden therein And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, lomlon AC-

to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same according to Order, a Bill to enable the Corporation of po^^nBin, Counry, was read a Second Time. The London to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Naviga-

Vanfttart, Mr. Charles Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Glove Manufacturers, Tanners,

Skinners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Coachmakers, Sadlers,

Collar Makers, Bookbinders, and others, concerned in the Leather Trade in the City of; And

also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, in the Towns of Leek and Cheadle, in the County of Stafford, and their Neighbourhood, who are in the Practice of cutting and using Lea- Speaker's Chamber, ther, for the Purposes of their respective Trades and Businesses: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, in the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the

tion, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and EfTeds, laden therein: And the* same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stanton fn-clo ure Bill, committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and YVafte Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellafton, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Mr. Adams, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition rd«-

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an five to Notice#

~ 1 xr6 . - r*. 6 for MaidRone

Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An

ingrossed

Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of His pre- Navigation! sent Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of through

the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, and

Aylesford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Leave granted by the House, on the ill Day of this

Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; Instant Notices have been given at the last

which has been found very beneficial to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of Kent, also Three Times in The London Gazette, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Maidstone Journal, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for enabling the Trustees, for executing the said Act, to raise more Money to finish and maintain the said Navigation, and for altering and enlarging the Bill for continuing the Term, and Powers of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as enlarging^the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the j2d are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George House, relative to Navigation Bills: And therefore pray-the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall in the County of Westmorland,by Sizergh Fellfide, to leem meet.

Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Millt hr of, to Fixes, and from the Town of MilIthropConsideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-aforesaid, to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post, near Claw- shall appear to them, to the House: throp Hall,in the County aforesaid, was read the Third And it is referred to General De Lancey, Mr. Baker,

Time. &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of The House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from Accounts Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the the Commissioners for managing ihe Duties arising by Prefcn£ed 1 Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and,

..... ..... at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

An Account of the Charges in collecting and ma- Hair Powd«r naging the Hair Powder Tax, from the Commence- Tax-ment of the same to the 5th 1801; distin-

guishing the Expences of each Year: And also,

An Account of the Charges in collecting and ma- Armorial thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the naging the Armorial Bearing lax, from the Commence- Bearuig Ta*. Guide Post, near Clawthrop Hall, in the County afore- ment of the same to January 5th, 1801. said. And then he withdrew.

Yol. 56. - 4 K And

and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fellfide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of MilIthrop,to r, and from the

Town of Millthrop aforesaid, to Hang Bridge, and from

L*

A. 1801.

East India Annual Account, &c. preicnted*

Scarborough Harbour Bill, committed.

Wilts rod Berks Canal Bill, passed*

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the $aji India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of March *801, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year; and a State* ment of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and afloat: And also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted " to the Honourable House of Commons, relative to " the Accounts directed to be laid before the House,

by the Act of the 33d of His present Majesty, " Cap. 52. Sect. 126."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for further continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the 5th and 25th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phipps, Mr. Henry Laftelies, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Ad, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for regulating the Construe-tion of Vessels.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 30. To leave out from the Second "Ad" to the End of 1. 36, and insert " and that the Production by the " Principal Clerk or other Officer " of the said Company of the said " Register Book or Books, and of " the Minutes of the Proceedings " of the Committee of Management, and of the Newspapers " in which Notice of the said Calls " have been or shall be advertised, " shall be sufficient Evidence of the - " Appointment of the Committee

24® Aprilis.

" who make such Call or Calls, and " of the Notices given thereof, and " of the Proceedings of the Committee duly entered in such Book " or Books, Minutes, or Proceedings," instead thereof.

Pr. 34. 1. 18. To leave out from " thereto" to the End of the Clause.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conffder of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and " for applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the " European Dominions of the French King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed " Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of " the National Debt," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hi/ey and Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions: And that Mr. George Ponsonby, Mr. O'Hara, and Mr. Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on

Customs, &c. Con foiidation

Act

Infh Court* Bill, ordered.

The Lords lave agreed to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sprauger and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lottery Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt W; without any Amendment.

Customs additional Duties BUI.

Weippert's Nat. Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved,

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Irish Spirits Duty Bill, .^eitrred.

Bill respe&fctg the Exportation, &c.of Corn from and to Ireland, committed.

Accounts to be printed.

Committee of Supply.

tfppe/Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

IV'nceEdwaid

liuud.

Dpe Breton.

1

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Hands.

41 Geo. III. 24° Aprilis*311

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, Tliflt the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish without Payment of Duty, and for indemnifying such Persons as have ailed for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts, which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Stedman, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift January to the 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th June 1801

to the 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward If and, from the ill of January to the 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th 1801 to the

31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of New~ foundland, in America, from the ift of April 1801 to the 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Ifands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from ift Ja-Vol. 56.

unary to 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Sbmer's Ifands) from 24th J 1801 to 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, te Estimate of the Civil Establishment, from the ill " January to 31st December 1801," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South from the 10th Day of OPobe? 1800 to the 31st Day of December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills expcfled in the course of the Year 1801 from, or on Account of, New South Wales} be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences of the Commission under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, including the Salaries of the British Commissioners, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred for confining and maintaimhg Convicts

# u u

at Home, for Nine Months, to 31st December 1801, m-elusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for One Year, to the 31st December 1801, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1800 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List. Revenues, pursuant to Addresses, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for Nine Months, to the 31st December 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the iuffering Clergy and Laity of France; Toulonefeand Corf can Emigrants; certain Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalists;

for Nine Months, to 31st December 1801, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of additional Field Officers to the several Corps of Militia in

that

Bermudas,

Dominica.

New South Wale*.

Bills on Account of NeW South Wale*.

Superintend, ence Of Alien*.

Commissioir. ers under American Treaty.

Prosecution* . relating to the Coin.

Expence of Convicts,

Printing of Journals, &c.

Scotch Roads.

Disposition of Grant*.

Money issued pursuant to Add relies.

Secret Service.

Emigrants,

Ax.

Monies advanced for PubiicScrvice.

Field Officer* toIrfthMiUlia.

uooq e

Board of Agri culture.

Veterinary

College.

African Com* pany.

Militia Pay and Cloath-iflg.

.Allowances to Militia Officers.

Allowances to Adjutants,&c. of Militia.

51 a-

24° — 27°

A. 1801,

that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and OrdereThat the Order of the Day, for the House Wayjanl Ireland called Ireland, from the 24th March 1801 to the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mc'ai‘s> &f«-

24th December following, both inclusive, being 276 to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Days, be referred to the said Committee. Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rcjolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself info the said Committee.

Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution, called ‘the Veterinary College, b£ referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the

Mr. Abbot, according ,to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Bill for Importation of

making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of r.!ut Indies certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from il,to

Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice rc Forte<1,

to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain for the Year 1801, as they shall think neeefl'ary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was

dr other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'cverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Duties on Hops import* ed into Ire-

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting, land, tot* " for One Year, the several Duties therein mentioned, in conudered. " lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles " therein specified during the said Term; and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies; and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Clergy to let Leases of their Tythe, for a limited Period, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time upon Monday

Morning next.

made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to to the Duties on Hops imported into Ireland. be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years ot His present Majesty's Reign, for the Y'ear 1801, as they shall think neeefl'ary

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Tythe Leafa Bill, deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luries, 27* die Aprilis;

Anno 41s

Georgii

IIP11 Regis, z 80 1.

Prayers.

SIR Martin Broivne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Saint

Lazvrence, and South IValJhamSaint Mary, in the County

South Wal-(turn Inclosure and Drainage Bill* presented.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was of Nfor draining and preserving the fame: And

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Rlarlin Brozvne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the

Pari Hies

Bergh-Apton &c. incJofure Bill, reported#

ieighton, See. Inclosure Bill, jTDporiccU

Blofkld, See. IneJoiure Bill ^ported.

2j° Aprilis.

3i3

Parishes of Bergk Apt on, Thurloit, Yelverton, and

Holvefiott, in the County of ,was committed)

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; except that One of the Notices only was affixed upon the Church Door of Yelverton, the Person who attended for that Purpose having been prevented from affixing the Second and Third Notices by a tumultuous Atfembly of People) that the said Person explained the Notice to them; and afterwards nailed it to the Gate leading into the Church Yard, but it was immediately pulled down; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at £3. per who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprie* tors of Estates assessed at £.41.101. who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £.2,086. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the

Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee, (except the Proprietor of an Estate alklfed to the Land Tax at £. 1. $s. per A, who refu'.eci to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.34. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 786. $s. per Annum -, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bili); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Cirencester Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the ^{^r^ilade Reign of his late Majesty King Geo the Second, and committed! in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirenceftin the County of Gloucester, to CricklaJe,in the County of and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County of Wilts,to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eft-court, Mr. Goddard,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Martin Browne Folkcs reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of B eight on, Lingwood, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at £.13. ioj. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.24. 55. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Per* fons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.1,135. IO-f* per Annumj and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

l

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofield and , in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Vol. 56.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Petition relathe Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and inDeepino.&'c, Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and , Dninageand

adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of sported!BU1' the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping Fen, lying between the said RiVer Glen and the River Welland, all in the County of Lincolnwas referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Benjamin Cheales and Mr. Charles Green produced to

Your Committee, Copies of several Notices of the Application to Parliament, for draining the several inclosed , . Lands and Grounds in thy Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adj -ining and lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinch~ beck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping Fen, lying between the said River Glen and the River Wei-land, all in the County of Lincoln, which were affixed upon the Church Doors of Market Deeping, James Deeping, Langtoft, Bason, Spalding, Pinchbeck, Cowbit, land. Bourn, and Thurlby, in the County of Lincoln, on 1'hree Sundays in the present Month of agreeable

to the Leave granted by the House on the ift Day of this Instant April.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 31st Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous the North Bank of the River Glen, and in tfce Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, and also in a certain Place called Deeping Fen, lying between the said River and the

4 L River

A. 1801.

2 70 Aprilis.

Leather Trade, and of cotisiderable Advahtagt to the Public in general: And praying. That the said Act may not be repealed.

And' the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

South Ferrib Inclosure Bill pa/Tcd.

314

River Welland, all in the County of Lincoln,in Behalf

of themselves and others, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deeping, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Additional Crowland, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing for

Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kejleven and an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His n^i. ** Holland, in the County of Lincoln, that they do make present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Slone's Provision in the said Bill for draining certain Lands and End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, South-Grounds in the Pari (lies of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoin- work,to Dartford, and other Roads, in the Counties of

ing, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, was presented River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Appli-and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining cation for continuing and amending the said Act; and to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Setting forth. That Part of the said Roads lies within Glen and Welland; and also for rendering more effectual the several Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul, several Acts of Parliament, heretofore passed for drain- Deptford, in the Coymty ot Kent; and that, by virtue ing and preserving the several Linds, Grounds, and of Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of tho ~ ' Reign of his late Majesty, it is enacted, that the Office of

Surveyor of the Highways in the several Parishes of East Greenwich, Saint Nicholas, and Saint Paul,

should cease and determine; and that there should be paid out of the Rates, to be raised for the Highways in the said Parish of Greenwich, to the Treasurer of the

Commons, thereof.

hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in

the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln, said Roads, the Yearly Sum of £.2. and out of the

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Rates, to be raised for the Highways of the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, the Sum of £. 5. in lieu of all be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Statute Work directed by any Acts for the Repair of

~ ~ ~ the said Roads; and that the said Two Yearly Sums of

£.2. and £.5. are very inadequate to the Contributions which ought to be paid by the said respective Parishes to the Trustees of the said Roads, towards the Repair of such Parts thereof, lying within the said Parishes respectively, as are under the Care and Management of E»(l Halton An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- the said Trustees: And therefore praying. That so much inclosure Bill, closing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, of the said in Part recited Acts of the 26th and 27th ** ' and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Years of his said late Majesty, as directs the said Yearly -

the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln, was Payments of £. 2. and £.5. to be made to the Treasurer

read the Third Time. of the said Roads, may be repealed; and that proper

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Powers may be given for making more adequate and be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the suitable Compensation and Payment to the Trustees Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other of the said Roads, in lieu thereof.

..... That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

- t y O'

Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition* of Tanners, &c.

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln.;

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Skinners, Glovers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Heyford In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyf and

Town and Neighbourhood of Stockton on Fees, in the , in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Hey-

ford-at- Bridge, in the County of Oxford; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

County of Durham: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in and near to the City of Chic Infer, in the County of Sussex also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

And Mr. John Eliot presented'to the House, according to DownAmp.

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting within the Parishes of Down Ampncy, in the County of and using of Leather, in the Town of Wolverhampton, Gloucester, and Latton and Eify, in the County of Wilts: ill the County of Stafford: And also, 1 ' ' ' '

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, and Cordwainers, of the City of Bristol, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Borough of Ripon, in the County of Turk, and the Vicinity thereof;

WeFe severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the

ney, &*c. Ii>-closure Bill, presented.

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Nexvbolt presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest or Chase of Need-wood, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Needwood Korelt Inclosure MJ, p1*-ftnted.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Road 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, Reign,* for the better preventing the damaging of into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof. Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex, was which has been found very beneficial to the read the Third Time.

Resolved,

New Windsor Road Bill, paised.

4i Geo. III.

27° Aprilis.

Rennet and A von Canal Bill, passed.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley, in the rarish of Datcliet, to the Village of Datchet, in the County o f Buc

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, andvfor amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thirflc and A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, fe-BriSgtTltoad* veralIy pafl^d in the 28th Year of the Reign of hfc late Bill, commit- Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road iiOm Tkirjk,over Skipton Bridge, through Bal-derfby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Quern how, and Nojlerfield, by WellFlajhes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Member ad. Ordered, That the Earl Temple be added to the Gen-

kLavendon tinmen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a 4c. inciofure Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Ml. several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

being Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield, otherwise Cold Bray-field,in the County of Bucks.

Bill prefimted. The Earl Temple presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield, otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read k Second Time.

Manningford A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and

?ru<R»ncl°* Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and mitred'. , C°m" Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard,

' Mr. Eficourt, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wigtown Mr. Mc Dowall presented to the House, according to Bosds Bjll, Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 18th "en Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An " Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the " County of Wigtownand for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglas, and Glenluce, to Rortpatrick, and from thence, by Stranraer, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan, and for levying a Con- Vot. 56.

3i5

version Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and other* wife regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Marquis of Worcester presented to the House, Trtburr according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, p passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts ' relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchinghampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinghampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester, to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and for repairing, altering, ancf improving, the Road from Tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid, to Fofton in the Parish of Bifiey,in the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Annesley presented to the House, according to Cambridge Order, a Bill for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called prdenttd. Saint Thomas's Leas, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great,

Saint Benedict, and Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

t Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whefe Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being respectively Ship Owners engaged in the Coal Trade, on Behalf of themselves, and unitipEtiAf all other Ship Owners engaged in the said Trade, was Co*11* presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing the several Acts now in Force for preventing the Combination of Coa^ Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the (even!

Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew at

lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhitke, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes j and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers; and Setting forth, the Necclfity of introducing into the said Bill a Clause, not only to prevent the Meters superintending the Measurement of Coals out of any Ships delivering Coals in the River Thames, from receiving any Fee or Gratuity, either directly or indirectly, from the Owner or Matter of such Ships, but also the Lightermen, or other Persons having the Care of any Lighter, to be laden with Coals from such Ships, from receiving similar Fees or Gratuities; and that there are certain Inconveniencies under which the Petitioners, and the Ship Owners in the said Trade, labour, and they request the Interposition of the House to relieve them therefrom, by such Provisions to be introduced into the said Bill, or in such other Manner, as to the House shall seem meet j the first Inconvenience is the frequent Combinations amongst the Seamen to raise their Wages, one Means of obviating which would be, by directing such Wages to be settled by the Matter and Elder Brethren of the Trinity Bouse of

Deptford

316 Aprilis. ' 1801 f

Deptford Strond; and that the Ship Owners in the said Trade have experienced many Inconveniencies from Delay, and otherwise, by the frequent Practice of im-p re fling their Seamen and Apprentices during the pre-lent War, and have sustained great Expence in ehdea- vouring to obtain their Discharge under the Acts of Parliament which were supposed to have afforded them Protection; and that the Petitioners request, that a Clause niay be introduced into the said Bill, to revive the several Acts which protected the Seamen and Apprentices in the said Trade from being impressed, with i'uch Modifications as, under the Circumstances of the Times, may be thought necessary — -another Inconvenience is the Delay which takes Place in the Delivery of Colliers in the River Tha, to remedy which, a Form of an Agreement for the Sale of Coals should be inserted in the Act, which should make the Buyer liable to pay Demurrage, according to the Tonnage of the Ship, in case of Detention beyond the Time agreed upon for the Delivery of her Cargo; that such Agreement should not be liable to any Stamp Duty; and also, that the Discount and Scorage heretofore allowed the Buyer should be omitted in such Agreement, as the same only 1 tends to create a fidtitious Price of Coals, which is not

only prejudicial to the Owners of Ships, but detrimental to the Public; and that the Petitioners are likewise exposed to great Inconvenience, not only from the Provisions of the Act of the 31st George III. C. 39., making

'..... it penal to fail without a written Agreement for Wages,

being confined only to the Masters of such Ships; and they request the Infertioji of a Clause in the said Bill, to make.it likewise penal upon the Seamen in the Coal Trade, and also enadting, that no Wages, shall be recoverable by them, unless they shall have signed such Agreement; and also, as the Act for providing an impartial Mode of conducting the Turns in the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of and Sunder-

land has expired, the Petitioners luggeft the same should ‘ be revived: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such of the Provisions of the said Bill, as they deem injurious to (hem, and that proper Alterations and Amendments may be made in the said Bill, for protedting the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House Hull appear proper, and as the Circumstances of their same should he found to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Report on ' A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon ianaMMl Moifdaylaft, was made from the Committee, to whom further con- the Bill to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the fi<Ute& Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Brarich thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chester Canal in the Township of , in the Parish of Aden, in the County of Chester, and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing,allotting, and inclosing, certain Littlestaugh-Open and'Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, inciofure and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little commK' St aught on, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St.

John, Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of . themselves and others, Subscribers to the Expence of making the Canal; Rotherhithe and other Works herein after mentioned, was presented CanalBiii. to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near, a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rotherhithe, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, -> ham, and Dulwich, anti the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of with Water from the said Canal; and Setting forth. That a Part of the Line in which the said Canal was proposed- to be made, when the said Bill was presented, being oSjedted to by certain of the Land Owners concerned, the Petitioners have caused a new Survey thereof to be taken, by which it appears that the same may be varied, so as to render it more convenient for the Public, and to the said Land Owners, by deviating fromr the Direction described on the Plan annexed to the above-mentioned Petition, by departing from the former Line of the Canal, in a Field belonging to Mr. Drake, and in tils' Occupation of Thomas Fentiman, and thence passing through Land belonging to ' ChriJPsHospital, and rn the Occupation of James Hawkins-, a Paddock, Lawn, or Field, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in

the Occupation of Timothy Stansfield Esquire, and a

House and Garden in the Occupation of Francis Callis; then crofting the Turnpike Road, and passing through Land, Buildings, and Gardens, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupations of William Green, Jeremiah Jackman, Alofes Stainbrook, William pleion, Rebecca Faulkner, and Ralph Say, certain Garden Grounds belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Robert Edmonds, a certain Field belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Thomas Htwibley, certain Fields belonging to Elizabeth Fane, and in the Occupation of the said Thomas Hambley, and certain Fields belonging to the Bridge House, the Trustees of Croydon Parish Estates, and the said Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of John Hollcome, where it again joins the former Line of Canal; and that the said Variation will pass through Lands belonging to Persons who do not oppose it, and lying within the Parish of Deptford, which was mentioned in the Notice given of the Intention to apply to Parliament for the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the said Variation from the first proposed Line of Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobhouse, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Petition of Butchers of Bristol.

B31 to amend Scotch Militia Act, commuted.

Elephant Oil I&l,presented.

Committee appointed on Cutlery Wart*.

Petition of Proprietors of Eftatrs in Grenada, for Leave to presentaPetition.

Love given.

Petition, pre« Rated.

41 Geo. III. 27° Ap. 3*7

A Petition of the several Persons, tvhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, Butchers, residing in the City of Bristol, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal l'o much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horle Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and repeal the said Act, or grant such other Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Swas, according to Order, read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iioule, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to exempt Elephant Oil sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of a proper Method for regulating the making and vending of Call Iron Cutlery Wares, and for preventing the Purchasers of Cutlery Wares being deceived in the real Quality thereof.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Wand of Grenada, was presented to the House, and read; SetJ ting forth. That the Petitioners are great Sufferers by the Iniurreftion and Rebellion which happened in the IHand of Grenada in March 1795; and that the Petitioners have prepared a Petition to the House, praying for Relief on Account of the Lolfes they have iuftained; and that, from the particular Circumstances of their Cafe, and several recent Occurrences which have taken place, the Petitioners were not enabled to present their Petition within the Time limited by the Order of the House, for receiving Petitions; And therefore praying. That they may be permitted to present their said Petition, notwithstanding the Time is elapsed for presenting Petitions to the House,

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Wand of Grenada, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Proprietors of

Vol. 56.

Estates in the Wand of Grenada, which was ceded to the Crown of Great Britain by the Peace of 1763; and that the Petitioners were encouraged to adventure their Properties in the said Island, which, at the Time of its Cession, consisted almost Wholly of French Inhabitants, by the Protection held out by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Settlement of the ceded Wands in the West Indies; and that, notwithstanding the Cession of the Wand to Great Britain, the greatest Part of the French Inhabitants still retained their Ptoperties in the Wand, and, by taking the Oaths of Allegiance to His Majesty, availed themselves of the Protection of the British Government; and that in the Year 1779, the Wand was captured by a French Armament, under the Command of Count D'FJlaing,which Capture was in a great Measure imputable to the secret Correspondence carried on between the French Inhabitants and the Enemy, as appeared by Letters which had been intercepted; and that the Wand was restored to Great Britain by the Peace of 1783, when the British Inhabitants ' were so strongly impressed with an Opinion, founded on Experience, that the natural Attachment of the new Subjects was so rooted to the Government of France, that the Quiet of the Wand could only be maintained, in Time of Peace, by an effective Garrison, and that on the breaking out of any future War, the Wand would become the first Object of Attack; and that, under such Impression, one of the first Acts of the Legislature, after the Reftorarion, was to present a Memorial, on the Subject of an effective Garrison, to Lieutenant General Matthew, then Governor of the Iffand, in which they express, in the strongest Terms, the absolute Necessity of having such Militiary Protection as therein stated, and resolved, that even inconsiderable Expenditure of Public Money, for any Establishment which did not promise that Security, was injudicious and unwarranted; and that it appears, from the subsequent Correspondence between His Majesty's Government and the Legislature, that they continued to adhere to their first Resolutions, of not incurring any Expence towards the Erection of Fortifications, until they received positive Assurances of a competent Garrison for their Defence, and that upon such Assurances being given, they most chearfully complied with every Requisition made on the Part of Government for the Defence of the Wand, and expended, on that Account alone, considerably upwards of jf. 200,000 Sterling; and that, in consequence, the Garrison was augmented to 1,000 Men, the Force stated to be indispensibly necessary for the Defence of the Island, and which was continued until 1792, when Orders for withdrawing the 67th Regiment had been lent out, but, on a Memorial being presented by the Agent of the Wand, were immediately countermanded, which, the Petitioners humbly submit* was a full Confirmation of that Protection which the Legislature of Grenada had deemed absolutely necessary to the Safety of the Wand, and in perfect Conformity with the fair Import of the Correspondence and various Communications that had taken place on that Subject; and that, shortly after the breaking out of the present War, it was manifest that a great Part of the French Inhabitants, and nearly the Whole of the Free Negroes and, People of Colour, had most strongly imbibed republican and resolutionary Principles, and had actually kept up a traitorous Correspondence with the Common Enemy, and a coiisiderable Agitation was frequently apparent among them, which had often been communicated to the Lieutenant Governor, and particularly by a Message from the Council and Assembly of the Wand, in September 1794, and Application was in consequence made to the Commander in Chief for the Return of Part of their Garrison, which, up to February 1793, had consisted of the 45th and 67th Regiments, a Corps of Artillery, and the Carolina Black Troops, but, by various Draughts for other Services, were considerably reduced; but this Application did not procure them any Assistance; and

4 M that

ji. i8ot.

518 27* Apruis.

that for forne Months previous to March 1795, the Garrison had been so reduced, as at that Time not to muster 20b effective Men, which caused much Alarm in the Island, and was the Tubjedt of frequent Communications from the Council and Assembly to the Lieutenant Governor, expressive of their Fears for the Safety of the Colony, as exposed to Insurrection and Attack from the Enemy, as the very extensive Fortifications, without Troops to maintain them, served rather as an Incitement, than it operated as a Prevention to an Event so much dreaded; and that, in this Situation of the Island, on the 2d Day of March x 795, at Midnight, an-Insurred!ion broke out, which had been previously concerted, and had received the Countenance of the French Commissioners at Guad, who had mvefted the Leaders with Commissions from the French Nation, and had supplied them with Arms and Ammunition, and promised every Assistance they could afford them; and that the Plan of the Insurrection was kept so secret, and the Operations of the Insurgents were so conceited, for taking Place in different Parts of the Island at the same Period, that it was not until a considerable Time after it broke out that the Nature of it could be well ascertained; to attempt the Description of its Horror, or the Measure of its Ruin, Destruction, and Desolation, the Petitioners find themselves unable; in the short course of Five Weeks, hardly an Estate remained on which the Works and Buildings had not been burnt, the Cattle destroyed, the Crops despoiled, and the Negroes dif-perfect and driven to the Woods, upwards of Forty of the most respectable and wealthy Planters and Merchants among them; the Lieutenant Governor, and many Members of the Council and Assembly, were put to Death by the Insurgents with the most complicated Cruelty} the Numbers who afterwards fell in Battle, or died through excessive Fatigue, in defending the Fortifications of Saint George, by which Exertion, during the Space of Sixteen Months, they were alone enabled to maintain a Sovereignty in the Island, would be, in Truth to say, that more than Three-fourths of all the British Inhabitants of that Colony, upwards of 1,000 Persons, fell Victims to deliberate Murder, the Attacks of the Insurgents, or died through excessive Fatigue in performing Military Duty; and that these Calamities can with Truth be only imputed to the Weakness of the Garrison, from the Military Force being withdrawn from the Island for other Services, which, in the Event, proved as highly beneficial to this Kingdom as it was destructive to the Lives, Properties, and Prosperity of the Inhabitants of Grena, whose Losses, occasioned by the Insurrection, have been estimated, by a Committee of the Legislature appointed for that Purpose, at the Sum of £. 1,964,293. 153*/.; and that the Petitioners, therefore, with Confidence and Submission, here rest their Cafe, humbly hoping, that the Justice of their Claims, and the Humanity and Generality of a British Parliament, will afford them that Relief which has been granted to His Majesty's Subjects labouring under similar Calamities.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Report of Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

PrweXnts, to n,ght>take ‘nt0 Consideration the Minutes of the Exa-

be confident), mination of several Persons taken upon the 10th Day of March last, at the Bar of this House; and also the several Reports which, upon the 2d and 14th Days of this Instant April, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine the Journals of this House, and Records of Parliament, for Precedents, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House, and to report the same to the House.

Report Sup. Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

pljr* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed

him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upperCanad* That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. Nova Scotia. That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NewBrunf-That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand and Four wick> Hundred and Twenty Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, PrinteEdwarf That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand and Nine Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward , from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton. That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June to the 31st Day of December 1801,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfound-That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America, from the 1 ft Day of April to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bah*m* That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hun- island*' dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bermuda*. That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and One Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, (or Somer's Islands) from the 24th Day of June to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dominica. That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of from the

1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand One Hun- ae*‘ dred and Forty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, horn the 10th Day of October 1800 to the 31st Day of December 1861.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Aliens. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens, for the Year 1801, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Resolved,

1

Exjttnc* of Prosecutions relating to Coin.

Convicts.

Printing of Journals, See.

Scotch Roads.

New South Wales.

Cotnniissioners for American Awards.

Money issued purfu;uit to Addreilei.

Prench Kmi-grants, See.

Secret Services.

Clerks in Office of Commissioner* of Public Accounts.

Mendicity of the Metropolis.

41 Geo.-IIL 270 Aprilis. 319

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lon* That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Two Hun- That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Fifty-three <0°* dred and Seventy Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum; which has Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions re- been issued to Esquire; tmd others, at the

lating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1800. Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lift Revenues, for Expences incurred upon a Plan fot That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven Thousand the Improvement of the Port of London.

Three Hundred and Seventeen Pounds Six Shillings and - Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Five Pence, be granted to His. Majesty, for defraying the That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Sixteen Expences likely to be incurred for confining and main- Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, taining Convicts at Home, for Nine Months, to the 31st to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Day of December 1801. 'Thomas Brodie, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, quer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for That a Sum, not exceeding Ten Thousand Pounds, be continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences Lords.

likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

House of Commons, for printing and delivering the That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Five Hun-Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good by Order of the House of Commons, for One Year, to the like Sum, which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, the 31st Day of December 1801. Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to discharge Fees on.

That a Sum-, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be passing Public Accounts.

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parliament Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Seventy-four °®ce‘ in North Britain, for the Year 1801. Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand been issued to George Rose, Esquire, at the Receipt of Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Rcve-probable Amount of Bills expected during the course nues, for Expences at the Parliament Office, in Session of the present Year 1801, from, or on Account of New 1800.

South Wales, for the Expenditures of that Colony and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bills drawn Norfolk Island, exclusive of the Estimate of their Civil That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Seven Hun- souH, Wait*, Establishment. dred Fifty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be due in 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Five Hun- which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's defraying the Expences of the Commission under the Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn on Account of Seventh Article of the American Treaty, including the New South Wales, due in the Year 1800, being over and Salaries of the British Commissioners, for the Year above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Pur-1801. pose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one Thousand Eight That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Nine Hun- south wale*, Hundred and Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Three dred and One Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence, due in 1801. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, which has been issued to William , Esquire, at

pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's been made good by Parliament. Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn from New South

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wales, which became due in 1801.

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Eight Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ^ufoof, Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-two Pounds, be That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Relief of the suffering granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum,

Clergy and Laity of France, Tou/onefeand Corsican Emi- which has been issued to Wyatt, Esquire, at the

grants, certain Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Loyalists, for Nine Months, to the 31st Day of December Lift Revenues, to pay Artificers employed in various 1801. Works about the Houses of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cold Bath That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Pounds, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Seventy-five conuriffionT be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's Foreign Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to and other Secret Services, for Nine Months, to the 31st His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has Day of December 1801, been issued to William , Esquire, at the Receipt of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Reve-That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Four Hun- nues, to pay Fees on passing a Commission appointing dred Eighty-two Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be Commissioners to enquire into the State of the Cold granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum Bath Fields Prison.

which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Medicine* Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred Ninety-five ^uthwjes! Lift Revenues, for additional Allowances to Clerks in Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Ma-the Office for auditing the Public Accounts. jesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Ex-That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Pounds, be chequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum Medicines sent to New South Wales.

which has been issued to Matthew Martin, Esquire, at Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, intereton the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Five *^u<r Civil List Revenues, towards carrying into Effect a Plan Thousand Four Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Seven for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis. Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty,

Vol. 56. lor

n

Discount on Loan and Lottery.

To the Bank

for receiving Contributions.'

Expences of Corami ffion for National Debt.

Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills.

Clerkon American Claims.

Board of Agriculture.

Veterinary

College.

African Forts,

Field Officers of Irish Militia,

Pay and

Cloathi ng of Militia.

Allowances to Adjutants, &c. of Militia.

Allowances to Militia Officers.

for paying Interest on sundry Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of several Acts of the 39th and the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Seventy-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to nuke good the Sums paid for Discount on Prompt Payments to the Loan and Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen Thousand Five Hundred and Eighteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for receiving the Contributions to the Loan and Lottery for the Service of the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred and Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to John Far hilly Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Com-, million.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Thirty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, paid to John IVilmot, Esquire, for a Clerk employed on various Bufi-nesses and References relative to American Claims.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an institution called The Veterinary for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven Thousand One Hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of additional Field Officers to the several Corps of Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the 24th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 276 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

7

A. 1801.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account recount of the several Appeals against Decrees condemn- uafsi'ip^to" ing Ships and Goods claimed by Neutrals, pronounced be printed, in the High Court of Admiralty of England, and the several Courts of Vice Admiralty, which now Hand ready for hearing, be printed, as shall be luliicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Irish Spirit* Duty Bill, deferred.

Committee of

Ways and Means.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and from granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill respefiing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief comtromand Governor or Chief Governors of to prohibit t^ckmd,

the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tion of Provi-consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief {*""sfl^eIre‘ Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the c„niidered. Exportation, and to permit the Importation, without Payment of Duty, of all Sorts of Provisions from and into Ireland.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland, of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers, of Two Acts, made in thcTwenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port

Town

The Lords haire agreed to

1 rifli Com Bounties BilK

Cockerraouth

and Workington Road Bill.

321

5

ta *

d

Corflinm Roads Rill.

Stratford and Alceiter Roads Bill.

Sroncsfield inclosure Bill, ^ith an Amendment.

Committee on Duties on tfojte imported into Ireland.

Sill for Importation of Rice from the East Indies into Ireland, paised.

41 Geo. III.

270 — 28° Apritis.

Town of Workington,in the said County, so far as the fame relate to the Road between the Town of and Workington aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of Bis present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Barn, in

the Parish of Cor/ham, in the County of , to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through in

the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester through Great Coughtonand Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Lane

and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove,in the said County of cester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of field, in the County of Oaf or d; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting, for One Year,

" the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all " other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term; and for regulating the " Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties on Hops imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House reiolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Houfo will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title VrOL. 56.

be, An Act for making Provisiori for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Corn do carry the Bill to the J->OTds, and desire their Concurrence.

General Norton prefeiited to the House, according Guldeford to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering pj-efcnud.1' and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from thd Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Famham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- supply dtfer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rea'

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Clergy to left Tythe lease* Leases of their Tythe, for a limited Period, under cer- Bill, deferred, tain Restrictions, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28° die J

Anno 410 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A:

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Langley;*

for veiling a certain Messuage and Premises in King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk (being an Estate deviled by the Will of William Langley, deceased, in ftrid Settlement) in Trustees, to be told and conveyed to Samuel Baker, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now stand limited under and by virtue of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Estate Hi]}, committed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Additional

several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Kent'street

being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 21st Road, referred

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing to former t t, . r & , cr, t> t r Committee,

the Road trorn the Stone s End in Kent , in

the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stone's End,in Kent Street, in the Pan lb of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads

4 N therein

% 22 28° Apr 1 Soli

therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Melfon Mow- Sir Edmund Cradock reported from the Com-

G* nth*1 ' to wh°m die Petition of ievcral of the Trustees

KcadVeo- for executing an Act, passed in the 20th, Year of the tion,reported. Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from Sage in the Town of Melton

Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Caldecott being examined, said, Ttaat the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have, from Time to Time, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money is still owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly amended, kept in Repair, and improved, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respect altered and enlarged, and the Tolls raised and increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legk Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Kingston Mr. Burden-reported from the Committee, to whom upon Hull the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or DockPetf Borough of Kingston upon was referred; That the tion, reported. Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Codd (Town Clerk of the said Town or Borough) being examined, said. That the Town of Kingston upon Hull is very large and populous, and a Place of consider-nble Trade; and that from the great Increase of Inhabitants, and of the Trade and Commerce thereof, the Market Place of the said Town has become too small, and the Streets called The Butchery, and Queen Street, near and leading to the said Market Place, are very narrow and incommodious. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That the Landing Places or Wharfs used for the Ferry Boats and Market Boats belonging to the said Town, are in a very inconvenient Situation, and, from the crowded state of that Part of the River Hull (the old Harbour) where such Boats usually lie, they are liable to Accidents, Damage, and Delay, and the Lives of Persons are thereby frequently endangered. — And the Witness added; That it would contribute much to the Convenience and Accommodation, as well of the Inhabitants of the said Town, as of all others resorting (hereto, if the Market Place were enlarged and improved, and divers Messuages, Tenements, Dwelling Houses, and 1

other Buildings, in the Streets called The Market Place,

Butchery, Queen Street, Blackfriar Gate, The Fore-Ropery,

The Back-Ropery, or Humber Street, in the same Town, were taken down, and a commodious Street made to extend from the Market Place aforesaid, to the River Humber, and a Dock or Bason made at the South End thereof, adjoining the said River, with a Landing Place or Wharf for the Accommodation of such Ferry Boats and Market Boats as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street trom the said Market Place to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, fqr the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town: And that Mr. Burdon, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom DunitaMe the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- R<»d*BiiV larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of report the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable,in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Bedford, from Account* the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presentedi and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th of Fund'

April 1801: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, for the Year ending the 5th April Taxes*

1801; distinguishing each Quarter, and the Taxes im-pol'ed in each Year, since the Year 1792.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.'

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account of Commissioners of Excile, attended at the Door; he was Hop?, Upr«-n called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- tented, suant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Hops grown in the Year 1800; distinguishing the Amount paid in each County.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Report re-the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to conllder of the Standing Orders eloiure Bill*, of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, lo tar as respects the letting out or the altering of public Roads,

and

and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had further proceeded in the Mat' ters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed); v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Bills for Inclosures there be inserted a Clause, by which the Commissioner or Commissioners shall be required to set'out the public Carriage Roads in such Directions as shall, upon the whole, appear to them most commodious for the Public, and to ascertain the same by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare a Map, in which such intended Roads shall be accurately laid down and described, and also such Carriage Roads, if any, as are intended, under the Powers which may be given by such Bill, to be flopped up, such Map, ligned by. the Commissioner, if only One, or the major Part of the said Commissioners, to be deposited with the Clerk of the said, Commissioner or Commissioners; and as soon as may be, after such Carriage Roads shall have been so set out, and such Map so deposited, to give Notice in some Newspaper to be named, circulating within that Part of the County where such intended Inclosure shall lie, which Notice shall also be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish, of their having set out such Roads, and deposited such Map, and also of the general Lines of such intended Carriage Roads, and of the particular Carriage Roads, if any, so intended to be flopped, up, and to appoint, in the same Notice, a Meeting to be held by the Commissioner or Commissioners, at some convenient Place, in or near to the Parish or Township within which the Inclosure is to be made, and not sooner than Three Weeks from the Date of such Notice; at which Meeting any Perl'on who may be injured or aggrieved by the set ting out, or flopping up, of such Roads, may attend; and if any Person shall object to the setting out, or flopping tip, of the fame; that then the Commissioner or Commissioners shall hear and determine such Objection, and the Objections of any other such Person, to any Alteration that the said Commissioner or Commissioners may in consequence propose to make, and shall, according to their Judgment, upon the whole, order and direct how such Carriage Roads shall be set out, or flopped up, and either confirm the said Map, by resigning the fame, or jnake such Alterations therein, as the same may require; with a Proviso, that, if no Alteration shall be made by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, any Person lo having objected, or if any Alterations shall have been made, then such Person, or any other Person, who may be injured or aggrieved thereby, may appeal to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, within Four Calendar Months next after such Meeting of the Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, giving Notice, in Writing, to such Commissioner or Commissioners, or his or their Clerk, of the Intention to appeal, and of the Particulars to which he objects, and specifying the Alteration which he proposes, within Ten Days after such Meeting, and entering into a Recognizance, with sufficient Sureties, before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, to try the said Appeal; and requiring the said Commissioner or Commissioners further to cause such Notice to be published in the Newspaper before-mentioned, and also affixed on the Church Door of the said Parish; and that the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or One of them, or his or their Surveyor, or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions, and then and there produce the Map above-mentioned; and the Juiliccs at Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads, so appealed again!!, shall continue as halt ordered by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or as proposed to be altered in such Notice, but not othenvile, and award such Costs to either Party,

_ \Oh. t.0.

as to them shall seem expedient; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final, and shall not be removed; or removeable, by or otherwise;

but, in same no such Notice shall be given, or such Rei cognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such setting out, or flopping up, of the said Carriage Roads; by the said Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kir kyat e Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, an'd found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingossed. /

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the thereunder-signed, being principal Proprietors of Houses and Lands, and Inhabitants, within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Richard Holden, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Town of Rotherham is a populous and trading Town, and a public Market is and hath for Time immemorial been held there Once in every Week, and a public Fair twice in every Year; but that the present Market Place is very insufficient for the Purposes of the Market; and the Paffixgc along the public Streets is greatly obstru<5ied, and rendered inconvenient for Travellers and Passengers, by the Number of Stalls placed therein on Market Days, and the public Streets and Pallages are not sufficiently cleansed and lighted, and are subject to various Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances. — And the Witness further said, That it would be attended with very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others frequenting the said Market, if the present Market Place was enlarged, and a Market House with Butchers Shops, and other Shops, Slaughter Houses, and other Buildings were erected, and the Streets and Avenues leading thereto, widened, and improved, and a new Street opened thereto; and the several public Streets and Passages were properly cleansed and lighted, and other Improvements made in the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening, and rendering more commo-

dious, the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for

clean ling,

Leeds Church Bill, reported.

Rotherham Market House Petition, reported*

324

A. 1801.

cleaning, lighting, and improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town: And that Mr. Wilbe and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

petitions of A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Tanners, Uc. 5a(jjerS) Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County of York:

And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Sadlers, Cord- wainers, and other Artificers, of the Town and County of the Town of Notting, and of the County of Nottingham, who are engaged, according to their respective Trades, in the cutting and using of Leather: And also,

A Petition of the Tanrlers, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Knarejin the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Paw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petitiif; of the A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Grand June- Grand Jwiftion Canal, was prefen ted to the House, and Company, read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, against Alden- and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, BiD! InCl°Ufe and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Hertford; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains Clauses and Provisions which, if passed into a Law in its present Form, will be injurious to the Bights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Bights and Interests, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their - Counted or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

p;i!koamend General Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to workmens whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in A^repo/ted. the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of Mis present Majority, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, passed " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and " to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof," as relates to the Forms of Convict ion therein referred to, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he xead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ing.vlled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Timid Time

upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Abbot reported from thfe Select Committee, appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the United Kingdom throughout all Parts of Great Britain and , and to report

the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and to whom the Report which, upon the 5th Day of December 1796, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, was referred; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read, and are as fob loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, for the more general and speedy Promulgation of the Laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, that His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print not less than 5,500 Copies of every Public General Statute, and 306 Copies of every Public, Local, and Personal Statute.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer Ibould be authorized and directed to print and deliver (or transmit by the Post, or otherwise) so soon as possible after each Bill has received the Royal Assent, the aforesaid Number of 5,500 Copies of each Public General Statute, according to a Certain Mode of Distribution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print, and deliver or transmit in like Manner, the aforesaid 306 Copies of each Public, Local, and Personal Statute, according to a certain Mode of Distribution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Chief Magistrate and Head Officer of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in England and Ireland, and of every Royal Burgh in Scotland, and every Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, and Town Clerk, in the United Kingdom of Great Bri and Ireland, receiving any such Copies, should preserv them for the Public Uie, and transmit them to his Successor in Oilice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of effectuating the Promulgation of Private Statutes (if the Parties interested therein shall think proper) and all'o for making Compensation to the Clerk of the Parliaments, and Oriicers of the House of Lords (in lieu of their annual Average Emoluments arising from the Office Copies of l'uch Statutes) without bringing any new Charge upon the Public, the Parties interested in every such Statute should make good such Expence and Compensation; and that thereupon such printed Copies of every such Statute should be made judicially admissible in Evidence, by adding thereto a Clause declaring the same to be a Public Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should also be authorized and directed to class the General Statutes, and the Public, Local, and'Personal Statutes of each Session, in separate Volumes, and to number the Chapters of each Clal's separately; and also, to print one General Title to each Volume, together with a General Table of all the Acts passed in that Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a'Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Me (Page

Report respecting the promulgating of but u its.

ffl8° jdprilis.

?25

The Lordt kare agreed ta

Hertingford-bary Inclo* sure Bill, with Amendments.

Snirespecting Coals, deftr-sed.

A Meflkge from the Lords* by Mr. ihlfeti and Mr* Leeds i.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, 'the Open and ;Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-.tures, and other -Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Herttngfordbury, in the County of Hertford with feme Amendments^ to which Amendments the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

.: And then the Messengers withdrew.

1 r' . 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second' Heading of the Bill for repealing the several Acts now in Force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners* Lightermen, and Mailers of Ships; to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of Lonand the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of iVejlmmjler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Patifhes of Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and , in the County of

Surrey, and for making more etieftual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River by Coal

Undertakers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Tie House, according to Order, resolved itself into a KromBilL Committee of the whole House, upon the ingroiled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difiblve the Mamage of George Duckworth with Mary , his

.now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Peele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Peele reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the ConruTnParticulars of the Account of the Expences of the Ireland,!-- Court of Exchequer* Court of King's Bench, and Court

Jertd. of Common Picas, in Ireland, of which the Totals are

expressed in the Abstract of the Receipts and lfiues of the Treasury for Ireland, presented to this House upon the .10th Day of March last.

'Petition of The House was moved. That the Petition of the Proprietor* of Proprietors of Estates in the Island of Grenada, which nai^referred was Yesterday presented to the House, and then to a Com- ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lushington, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vo l.56.

A Meflkge frdm the Lords; by Mf. Holford and Mr. J^*^esdto Leeds: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to revive to revive and continue, until Six Weeks after the "dwntinue Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an venting 9Se-Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His pre- ditiou* Meet-lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effec- mgs*

" tuilly preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies;" without any Amendment.

- And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open inclosure BilJ, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common asreed to> Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of ford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. ult. Leave put from " Attornies" to or" in Pr, 29. 1. r.

Pr. 29. 1. zt.'l

After Husbands" insert 44 or."

1. zt & W 1. 22.)

1. 22. Leave out " or Agents."

Pr. 44. 1. 4. Leave out from " respectively" to 44 or" in Line 6.

1. 14. Leave out44 and exchanged."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- "" Mean*, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback oa That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Five Pence, Spirit*. Irish Currency, be allowed on the Exportation of every Gallon of Spirits or Strong Waters, which shall be made or distilled from Sugar or Sugar Walh in Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee inftni&ion. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, is committed. That they have I % wer to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other of1!*;. Chief Governoror Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit c°n« fro® the Exportation, and to permit the Importation, with- lrri"d‘ out Payment of Duty, of all Sorts, of Provisions froth -and into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chait of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him

4 O to

Report on Duties on Hops import* ed into Irt* land

Elephant Oil Bill, deferred.

Baflingborne Inclosure Bill, pre fented.

Petitions in Favour of Dover and Hjrthe Roads Bill.

326 28^29* Aprilis or*

to report, wheft thft House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting, for One Year, the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the " Articles therein specified during the said Term; and " for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and M His Majesty's Colonies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties on Hops imported into Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of Hops, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, or of any Foreign Hops, into Ireland, upon the Payment of a Duty not exceeding One Penny Farthing for every Pound Weight thereof.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Corry, Mr. and

Mr. Hiley Addington, do-prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

General Adeline presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bajfmgborne, in the County of Cambridge, (except within that Part of the said Parish which lies in the Hamlet of And the

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Afercurii, 29* die Aprilis;

Anno 41* Georgii III111 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.; -

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing the Turnpike1 Road from Dover to in the County of Kent, and also of several of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Dover, and the Town of Folke-stone, in the said County, and of the Gentlemen Farmers, and others, of the adjoining Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through to the Town of Hythe, in the County or Kent; and Setting forth. That the present Tolls are now vety iri« adequate to the Support of the Road, and an additional Toll Gate is necessary, and that any additional Toll to be collected at the present Gate, unless the -feme were very considerable, and extended to all- Horses and Car-, riages passing the fame,- not excepting those employed in Husbandry and Agriculture, would be totally blade- quate for the Purposes required; and if any such heavy Toll were laid, it is much to be feared that, from its being so oppressive, it would deter many Persons-from passing on that Part of the said Road, l'o that the Receipts on the Road would be diminished instead of being increased by the additional TolL; and that, for securing a proper and adequate Revenue for defraying the several Charges and Expences, it is absolutely necessary that a Toll Gate should be erected between Sea Brook Bridge and Hythe, in the Parish of Cheriton, that being the only Place where the Tolls can be rendered productive, and the Evasion of the Payment thereof be prevented;

by which means the Trustees hope to be enabled to pay off the Arrears of Interest so due, and to grow due, on the Security of the Tolls, and also to discharge their present Debts, and to enable them to widen the Road, and to make the necessary Repairs, and to fulfil their Duty to the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Considerationf and to allow the Clause to stand in the said Bill for enabling the Trustees to ered a Toll Gate at the said Place called Sea Brook-, and that the Petitioners may be permitted-to be heard, by themselves, Agents, of Counsel, at the Committee, on the said Bill, in Favour thereof, or may have such other Relief in - the- Premises -as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees for several Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of £.2,100. of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Road from Dover, through the Town of Folkestone, to the Town of , in the County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have applied for the Interest due to them for the Monies advanced, which Interest now amounts to above 220; but they are informed by the Trustees, and it also appears by the Treasurer's Accounts, that the same cannot be paid, on account of the very great Expence attending the repairing of the said Road, and the Monies due for certain Lands taken into the said Road for widening the same, which Money amounts to the further Sum -of f. 228; And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to grant such Powers to the said Trustees as may enable them not only to pay the Interest to the Petitioners, but also the Principal Monies advanced by them; and that they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill, or may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Company of Pro- Ellesmere prietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal ®ilh from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain p Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills-, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chester Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of A don, in the County of Chester, and for altering and amending the several Acte passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

e

Royal Ert-j change Affhraoce Com* pany'i Bill, committed.

London AT-furance Corporation Bill, committed.

Kmtdson's I Mat. Bill, committed.

leeds Church Bill, passed.

Geyton Tn-dofure Bill, committed.

Petitions against refer* remand Coun-fcl ordered*

41 Geo. III. 29® Aprilis. 327

Refolded , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee; be, An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors and that the said several Petitioners be heard, by them-of the EUefmere Canal to extend the said Canal from selves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Com-

the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water mittee, upon their Petitions, if they think (it.

Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Ord, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the municate with, the Ckefter Canal in the Township of same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Stoke, in the Parish of AElon, in the County of Chester,several Petitions,

and for altering and amending the several Acts passed Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee' for making and maintaining the said Ellefmcrt Canal. have Voices.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom stoekowt and the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are- PetL8'

A Bill to enable the Corporation of The Royal Ex- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of tioni. change Assurance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Residents,

and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and within, or near the several Townships of Stockport, Of the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein, ferton, Marple, and Disley, in the County of , was read a Second Time. and and fVhitle, in the County of Derby, was

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John referred; That the Committee had examined, and found William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sec.: And they that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Speaker's Chamber. Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it A Bill to enable the Corporation of The London Af- appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-furance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein, was followeth; viz,

read a Second Time. Toprove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Antrobus Newton being examined, said, That the Road William Anderson, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are leading from the Old Bridge, in the Market Town of to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Stockport aforesaid, to or near Marple Bridge, in the Speaker's Chamber. County of Chester, is in a ruinons Condition, narrow,

and in many Places incommodious, and the same can-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act not be effectually amended, widened, improved, and for naturalizing Saint George Knudson, was read a Second kept in Repair, by the ordinary course of Law; and Time. that it would be a great Convenience to the Neigh-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John bourhood, and of public Utility, if a new Road were William Anderson, Mr. Hobhouse, See.: And they are to made from and out of the said Road, in the Township

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of Nezv Mills,

Speaker's Chamber. in the County of Derby, to or near Thornfet Gate, in

the County of Derby; and also, if another new Road An ingrossed Bill for establishing a new Church or were made from Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within Village of Mills aforesaid, to or near the Village the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of of Disley, in the County of Chester. — And the Witness the County of York, was read the Third Time. Hated to the Committee, That there had been annexed

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title by Mistake to the Petition, when presented, besides a be. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, correct Lift of the Subscribers, a Paper, containing a lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Lift of Persons subscribing to another Undertaking.

Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for County of York. making, widening, and repairing, the Road from the

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill Old Bridge, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence. Chester, through the several Townships of Stockport,

Ojferton, and Marple, in the said County, and the The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Village of New Mills, in the County of Derby; to or Reading of the Bill for dividing, and allotting, and in- near Thornfet Gate, in the said County of Derby, and a doling, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Branch from the said Road in the Township of Marple Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, aforesaid, to or near Marple Bridge, in the said County within the Parish of Gey ton, otherwise Gayton, otherwise of Chester; and another Branch from or near Thornfet Guyton, in the County of Norfolk; Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills afore-

And the House being informed that Robert Sharrock said, to or near the present Road in the Township of of Galely, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, who pe- Disley, in the said County of Chester: And that Mr. titioned this House upon the 20th Day of this Instant Crewe and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in,

April, praying to be heard, by himself. Agent, or Coun- the fame, fel, against the said Bill, declined being heard on the

Second Reading of the said Bill; Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Hurdlow

The said Bill was read a Second Time. the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an p^a. of Norfolk, Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Act passed for repairing the Roads from Hurdlow House tion, reported. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's to M and other Roads therein particularly de-Chamber. feribed, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

Ordered, That the said Petition, and also, the Pe- mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the tition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied unto subscribed, interested in the Open and Common with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat-Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Geyton, other- report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; wife Gayton, otherwise Guyton, in the County of Norfolk, and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards 'Vol.^6, delivered

Petition of Hop Planters, for Leave to present a Petition.

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table;: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Hurdlow through Buxton, in the County of Der, and in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lan-

tajler, and also the Road from Hernejione Lane Head and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of was read:

And,

Mr. James Antrobus Newton being examined, said, That the Trullees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls thereby granted greatly increased. — And the Witness further said, That it would be of great Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith, to or near Buxton aforesaid, were made, and kept in Repair, under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the above recited Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, " altering, diverting, and turning,the Road from " House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and " Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the " County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hernejione "Lane Head and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en "!e Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester and for making and repairing a new Branch from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to or near to Buxton aforesaid: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Landholders, Hop Planters, and others, interested in the Cultivation of Hops, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was presented to the House, -and read; Setting forth. That Hops, from the Extent of their Cultivation in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, may be considered as forming the staple Commodity of those Counties; and that, independent of the Advantage derived to the Revenue, Hops have been admitted to be the raoft salutary Ingredient in the Bittering and Preservation of that useful Beverage, Beer; and that the System hitherto adopted of felling Hops in the private Houses of Factors, has tended to the Encouragement of Monopoly, and consequently to the great Injury and Inconvenience of the Public alt large, and the want of a public Market in or near the Metropolis, has long been universally acknowledged; and that the Establishment of such Market would, at the same Time that it accelerated the Sale of this Product, the moll expensive in its Cultivation of any other Species of Agriculture, essentially promote the Advantage of the Public, by affording a fair and general Competition; and that the necelfery Communications between the respective Counties, from their Extent, and the Numbers of Persons in-ierested, has unavoidably occasioned the Delay of an earlier Application to the House; and that it is eftential immediate Power should be given for the Establishment of such Market: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to present a Petition for the Purpose of enabling them to bring in a Bill to establish an open 5

and public Market for the Sale of Hops, in the Borough

of Southwark, or in some other Situation adjacent thereto, as may be considered raoft eligible, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules and Regulations, as to this Honourable House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Chv cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the Landholders, Hop Planters, and others, interested in the Cultivation of Hops; in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to establish an.open and public Market for the Sale of Hops, in the Borough of wark, or in some other Situation adjacent thereto, as may be considered most eligible, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Comhion Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.60. 10 s.who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.418. who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons ia-terested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £.3,774.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Lord William Rujfell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Subscribers to the Expence of making the Canal and other Works thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, the Variation intended not being proposed till lately; but that the said Variation will pass through Lands belonging to Persons who do not oppose it; and that the Whole of the Variation is about the length of One Mile, and the said Line will be considerably shorter than that first proposed, will be more convenient to the Public, and will not pass through any other Parish or Parishes than those comprized in the Notices of the Application for the present Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petition which was presented to the House on the 18th

Day

Iaft|hco.

Petition on> fented.

Ewell Inclo* sure Bill, reported.

Petition for Provision in Croydon and Kotherliitht Canal Bill, reported.

Petition relative to Notices for Stony Stratford Paving.

Day of February last, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of In the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, was read; and the said Bill, which is now pending in the House, was all'o read: Then,

Mr. John Rennie, Engineer, being examined, said. That a Part of the Line in which the said Canal was proposed to be made, when the said Petition and Bill was presented, being objected to by certain of the Land Owners concerned, the Petitioners have caused a new Survey thereof to be taken; by which it appears, that the same may be varied (o as to render it more convenient for the Public, and to the said Land Owners, by deviating from the Direction described on the Plan annexed to the said Petition, by departing from the former Line of the Canal, in a Field belonging to Mr. and in the Occupation of Thomas and thence

passing through Land belonging to Chriji's and

in the Occupation of James Hawkins-, a Paddock, Lawn, or Field, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of Timothy , Esquire, and a

House and Garden in the Occupation of Francis Callis; then eroding the Turnpike Road, and passing through Land, Buildings, and Gardens, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of William Green, Jeremiah Jackman, MofesStainbrook, William Pam-fleton, Rebecca Faulkner, and Ralph Say, certain Garden Grounds belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Robert Edmonds, a certain Field belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Thomas Hambley, certain Fields belonging to Elizabeth Vane, and in the Occupation of the said Thomas Hambley, and certain Fields belonging to the Bridge House, the Trustees of Croydon Parish Estates, and the said Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of John Holl-combe, where it again joins the former Line of Canal. — And the Witness further said, That the said Variation will pass through Lands belonging to Persons who do not oppose it, and lying within the Parish of Deptford, which was mentioned in the Notice given of the Intention to apply to Parliament for the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees in whom certain Charity Estates are now veiled, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, and the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 30th Day of March last, Notice has been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Buckingham, and also by Advertisement Three Times in The Northampton,

of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and other-wile improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and likewise for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway from the said Town, to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and also for felling certain Charity Estates lituate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes or Calvert on and WvAverton, in the said County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said

VOL. 50.

Improvements: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the JPurposes before mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Temple, Sir William Toung, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham,

and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and the other, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Ad, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Caldecott being examined, said. That the Trustees, authorized to put the said Acts into Execution, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which Sums Hill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually improved and kept in good Repair, unless the said former Acts be continued for a further Term, and the Tolls and Powers thereby granted, altered, and enlarged. Then,

Mr. John Abcarne Palmer being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for more effectually repairing the said Road: And that Sir Lowther, Mr. Noel, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, One passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of to and by the

North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northamp-

ton, and from thence to Peterborougin the said County of Northampton, and the other, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Ad, and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the

4 P Standing

Nottingham Roads Petition reported.

Leicester and Peterborough Road Petition, reported.

Duckworth's Divorce Bill, passed.

TheLords have agreed to

Bill for granting Duties in Ireland, on Tea, &c.

Bill forcte- _ frayingeertain Permanent Services in Ireland.

011 to continue Barley Malting Act.

Accounts from Chamberlain's Office, p relented.

330 290 Aprilis. 1801.

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Li- Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee berties therepf, and for paving, cleansing, and enlighten-had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had ing, the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City and Liberty directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, aforesaid, from the 29th of September 1799 exclusive, to to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; the 29th September 1800 inclusive: And also, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: An Account of Money received and paid by the

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act, made in the 17th Year of His present Majesty, for said Acts were read: And, enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of

Mr. John Abcarne Palmer being examined, said, That the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and the Trustees, authorized to put the said Acts into Execu- Duties payable for navigating upon the River 'Thames, tion, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising aforesaid City, and for laying a fmallToll in lieu thereof, upon the said Road; which Sums still remain due, and for the Purposes of more eft'edtually completing the said cannot be repaid, nor can the said Rdad be effectually Navigation, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, improved, and kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts from the 31st December 1799 exclusive, to the 31st of be continued for a further Term, and the Tolls and December 1800 inclusive: And also,

Powers thereby granted, altered and enlarged. An Account of Money received and paid by the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into Reign of King George the Second, and in the 14th Year the City of London, near Temple Bar, and for making a of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the more commodious Street or Passage at Snozv Hill, from Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the 31st December 1799 exclusive, to the 31st of De-the County of Northampton, and for more effectually cember 1800 inclusive: And also, repairing the said Road: And that Sir William Lowther, An Account of Money received and paid by the Mr. Noel, and Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, do prepare, Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an and bring in, the fame. Act of the 35th Year of His present Majesty, for repair-

ing the common Sewer in New Bridge Street, B/ackfriars,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act in the City of London, or making a new Sewer instead to dissolve the Marriage of George Duckworth with Mary of the defective Part or Parts thereof, and for niaintain-Grundy, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry ing and cleansing the fame, from the 31 ft of December again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was 1799 exclusive, to the 31st of December 1800 inclusive: read the Third Time. And also,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. An Account of Money received and paid by the

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire do carry Chamberlain of the City of London, on account of the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amend- Bridge, pursuant to an Act, made in the 7 th Year of ment. His present Majesty, for completing the said Bridge;

and also of another Act, made in the 26th Year of His A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. said Majesty, for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Car-Leeds: riages passing on Sundays over the aforesaid Bridge, from

Mr. Speaker, the 29th of September 1799 exclusive, to the 29th of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act September 1800 inclusive: And also,

For repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into An Account of Money received and paid by the Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals Act, made in the 18th Year of His present Majesty, for imported into Ireland; without any Amendment: And making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite ajf0> Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Street,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and also from the East End of Chiswell Street, Westward, for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for into Barbican, from the 29th of September 1799 ex-defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services in elusive, to tliC29thos 1800 inclusive: And also,

that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland-, with- An Account of Money received and paid by the out any Amendment: And also, Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Act, of the 39th Year of His present Majesty, for ren-to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One dering more commodious, and for better regulating, the thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the Port of London, from the 31 1799 exclusive,

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for to the 31st of 1800 inclusive.

" shortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March And then he withdrew.

" One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Time of And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

"keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

" Rain in the last Harvest;" without any Amendment. Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague,from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for WcltTndie* tended at the Door; he was called inland, at the Bar, the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in presented to the I Joule, pursuant to the Directions of the West Indies and America-, and for giving a more ordered, several Adds of Parliament, speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Lords Commissioners of Appeals: And that Sir Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney of London, on the 5th Day of July 1800: And also. General, Mr. Solicitor General, Doctor Lawrence, and

An Account of Money received and paid by the Mr. Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act, made in the nth Year of His present Majesty, for Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account, t* making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, several Accounts, which were Yesterday presented to bePr,utci

Committee of Ways and Means.

Jteporfon

prohibiting the Exportation of rrovi-fioni from Ireland*

Inftrn&ion.

Irish Spirits Duty Bill, deferred.

the House, by Mr. Bedford,from the Exchequer, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

OrderedThat such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Total Produce of the Tax upon Income for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, as far as the same can be made up and estimated j distinguishing the Amount in consequence of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund,'for the Quarters ending the 5th of July and 10th of October 1800, and the 5th of January 1801, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation, and to permit the Importation, without Payment of Duty, of all Sorts of Provisions from and into Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to enable the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland, and to permit the Importation of all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief1 Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, T\mt they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits Vo L. 56.

distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant; or other com,from Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, to -hibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, e and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public; in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second Elephant OH Reading of the Bill to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty impoled on such Sales, be now read1.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Corry reported to the House, that their Address Answer to of the 2d Day of March last (that His Majesty would Address. be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of such Places and Offices of Profit under the Crown in Ireland, as are actually held by Members of this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Or- BiUrefpeaing der, a Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops at fand"preftnt. a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame: *d.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, a Accounts re-Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Ho- lativetoPubnourable House of Commons, dated the 5th of ture,pre" " February 1801, for an Account, shewing how the rented.

" Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1800, together " with the Monies paid into the same during the Year " ending the 5th JanuaryiSor; and the Monies paid out " of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year,

" in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together " with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said " Period, have been actually applied; distinguishing the " Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following " Heads of Service: — 1 ft. The Interest of the Public " Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the " usual Grant for the same Purpose, and Interest for " the Debt upon Imperial Loans; — 2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills; — 3dly. The Civil List " 4thly. The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund,

" specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts " of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances,

" and Bounties; — 5thly. The Civil Government of " Scotland; — 6thly. The other Payments in Anticipa-, " tion.

29' Aprilis. A. 1801.

" tion of the Exchequer Receipt, specifying the Amount " of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia " and Deserters Warrants; — 7th.lv. The Navy, l'pecitying the Amount of Monies reflectively paid for " Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay " Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and " Pensions, for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, " Pilotage, and Contingencies, for the Marines, for the " Victualling, for the Sick and Wounded, for Transports, and for Prisoners of War in Health; — Sthly.

" The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; " — 9thly. The Army, specifying the Amount of " Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Sendees; " videlicet, for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids,

" and Volunteer Corps, for Barracks, for Staff Officers, " and Officers of Garrisons, for Half Pay, for Widows " Pensions, for Chelsea Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for " Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices; " specifying also, the Amount of Monies paid to the " Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Articles thereof; — rothly. Loans, Remittances, " and Advances to other Countries, specifying the Total " Amount paid to them respectively; — nthly. Miscellaneous Services, specifying the Amount of the " Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; — and lastly, specifying the Amount of " any Public Monies applied to other Public Services " (ifany) not hereinbefore enumerated:" — inclosing. Appendix (A. i.) An Account of the Monies paid out of the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1801, towards satisfying the Charges of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, Ireland, and Imperial Loans; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied for Interest, Charges of Management, Sums applicable to its Reduction, and the usual Grant for the same Purpose:

Appendix (A. 2.) An Account of the Total Amount of the Sums actually received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Year Ending the 5 th of January 1801: Appendix (B.) An Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills, from the 5th of January 1800 to the 5th of January 1801:

Appendix (C.) An Account of the Charges upon the Consolidated Fund in the Year 1800, exclu-five of the Interest of the Public Debt, and of the Payments upon Exchequer Bills; distinguishing the same under the several Heads of Civil List, Courts of Justice, &c. Mint, other Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties: Appendix (D.) Stating, that the Particulars of the Sum of £.78,206. 15*. 3d. are wanting, but will be added to the Appendix as soon as they are received from Scotland:

Appendix (E. I.) An Account of the Amount of Bounties paid in England and Scotland out of the Public Revenue, between the 5th January 1800 and the 3th January beirg Payments in the Nature of Anticipations of Exchequer Receipt:

Appendix (E. 2.) An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1800, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th January 1801, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied, so far as regards the Receipt of Excise in England, and can be ascertained at the Excise Office:

Appendix (E. 3.) A Paper, intituled, " General " Post Office — An Account of the Pensions and " Parliamentary Grants, for the Year ended " 5th January 1801

Appendix (E. 4.) An Account of the Amount of Payments, to the Militia, Deserters Warrants, and Bounties on Hemp and Flax, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801:

Appendix (G.) An Account of Monies paid by the Office of Ordnance in the Tear 1800, for Services at Home and Abroad, respectively:

Appendix (H.) An Account of Monies paid by the Right honourable the Pay matter General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 5th of December 1799 to the 24th of December 1800:

Appendix (I.) An Account of Loans, Remittances, and Advances, to other Countries, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801; specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively:

Appendix (K.) An Account, shewing how the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1800, together with the Monies paid into the same during tire Year ending the 3th Day of January 1S0T, have been actually applied, as far as relates to Miscellaneous Services; specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Accounts were read.

Ordered,'Y\r.\t the find Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers and Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lie of the Members of the House.

The laid Appendixes arc prel'crved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (N* 32.)

The House being informed that there were Mistakes Account? of in the Paper and Appendixes presented to the House, p"^"^ccd by Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, upon the 16th Day of this withdrawn, Instant April, intituled, " Return to an Order of the an<- ot*ltrs " Honourable House of Commons, dated the 3th of or‘tre *

" February 1801, for an Account of the Unfunded " Debt and Demands outstanding, on the 3U1 January " 1801, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury,

" Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the fame; distinguishing under each Head " respectively the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands conlifted, and also what Part of the said " Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in " what Manner, and what Part thereof, was then unprovided for;"

Ordered, That the said Paper and Appendixes be withdrawn, and others presented in (lead thereof.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to supply de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to terr«d' consider further of the Supply granted to lfis Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itielf into the said Committee.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of Address to His Majesty, _ SSeidby"

A Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Members, Duke of Portland, dated Dublin Castle, April 1801; presented. inclosing,

An Account of such Places and Offices of Profit, under the Crown in Ireland, as are actually held by Members of the House ot Commons.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic, to beperuled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to Arptn£*

this Volume. (N°33-)

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

till Tomorrow Jr/n,

i Geo. Ill*

Dmton In-domrc Bill^ ceported.

Otmoor brainage anA Inclosure Petition, re* ported.

jo6 Aprilis. 333

Jovis, 30* ofo j4prilis *

Anno 41* Georgii III111 Regis; 1801;

Prayers.

MR. 7o/;k Fane reported from the Committee, td whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable4 Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of his Grace George Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the ToWnship of Beckley, and the Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the Parish of Beckley, the Parish of Noke, the Parish of Oddington, the Township of Charlton, and the Hamlets of Fencott and Moorcott, in the Parish of Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parishes, Town-ships, and Hamlets aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the affixing the Notices upon the Church Doors in all the said Parishes, on Sunday the 3d of last; but it appeared

to the Committee, that, on the following Sunday, the 10th of Attguft,the Person employed to affix the like

Notices was prevented from so doing at Beckley, Oddington, and Charlton, by a Mob at each Place, but that he read the Notices to the Persons assembled, and afterwards threw them amongst them into the Church Yards of thoie Parishes; and that the Notice was duly affixed, on that Day, upon the Church Door at Noke-, and that, on Sunday the 17th of the Person em-

ployed to put up the Notices was prevented from so doing, in regular Manner, at Beckley, and that at all the other Parishes he was likewise prevented on Account of the Mob, but that he read the Notices to the Persons there assembled, and afterwards threw them amongst them into the Church Yards; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Alexander Niven being examined, said. That there is within the said Parishes, or some or one of them, a certain Low Common or Waste, called Otmoor, containing about 4,000 Acres, and that the Petitioners, with others, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and VoL. 56.

Estates within the Township of Beckley, and the Hamlets of Horton and Studley, within the Parish of Beckley, and within the other Parishes and Places, have a Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste; and that the same is overflowed with Water a considerable

Part of the Year, and during such Time is of little or no Use to the Proprietors, but that the same is capable of being drained, and by that Means much improved in Value. — And the Witness further said, That by Reason of the great Extent of the said Moor, and the Intermixture of the Cattle of the Inhabitants of the different Parishes and Places, much Inconvenience arises. — And the Witness added, That the Petitioners are desirous* that the said Common should be drained and divided into so many Parts as there are distinct Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common upon the fame, which would be to the great Advantage of all Parties interested therein, and to the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and improving the Common, or Waste, called Otmoor, within the Township of Beckley, and the Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the Parish of Beckley, in the Parishes of Noke and Oddington, the Township of Charlton, and the Hamlets of Fencott and Moorcott, in the Parish of Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or some or one of them, and for dividing, and setting out, specific Parts thereof, for the several Pa-riflies, Townships, and Hamlets respectively, and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, or interested therein: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher Royal Assent

of the Black Rod: *s

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of tVales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester,the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain:

An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;1 and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland:

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain Permanent

4 Q Service?

534

Jo® Aprilis.

A. 1801.

Services ift that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland:

An Act for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty:

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland, of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice i An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Ihortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the " Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the last Harvefts"

An Act to revive and continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings " and Assemblies An Act for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, the High Roads in the County of Selkirk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eaflon Bridge, in the County of Somerset;

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Cougkton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to The Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out ot Newell Lane, through Church Lane and to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Saa Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great in

the County of Norfolk, and certain Open and Inclosed Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Creffingham, in the said County:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happijburgh and Lessingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheep-walk and Shackage in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing^ certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Duckzvortk with Mary Grundy, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor, Gentleman, with Catherine Birchall Taylor, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt Weippert,

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to Shrewfburr whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, thereinafter described or referred to, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as. it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the ift Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the-Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was read; another Act, passed in the nth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of and for appropriating Part of the Tolls collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the fame, was also read: And,

Mr. Robert Pemberton being examined, said, That in carrying the first-mentioned Act into Execution, the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly expended; but the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged. — And the Witness said. That the Tolls granted by the said Act are infus-ficient, and it is necessary the same should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 3 ift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hilly in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Charles and Sir William

Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Foft Naviga. Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Driinagf Pe- w^om the Petition of the Navigation Company was

tnion, report- referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; but that no Notice had been given relative to the Drainage, it not being intended to alter that Part of the Act which relates thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter; of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of Fork, to Stillington in the

Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River Fofs, was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Persons therein named and described, were incorporated by the Name of " The Fofs Navigation ," with Power to make

and maintain the said Navigation, and Provision was also made by the said Act, for draining and improving the said Low Lands: That by the said Act, the said Company were empowered to raise and contribute, amongst themselves, such Sum and Sums of Money as they should find sufficient for making and completing the said Navigation; and also the several Works of Drainage therein mentioned, not exceeding in the whole, the Sum of £.25,400, except that, if the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then the said Company might raise amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of £. 10,000; or that the said Company might, if they thought proper, borrow any Part of the said Sum of £. 10,000 on the Credit of the said Undertaking. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Plummer being examined, said. That the said Company have proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Navigation and Drainage by the said Act authorized to be made, and have raised and expended not only the whole of the said Sum of £.25,400, but a further Sum of Money, which they have borrowed on Mortgage of the said Undertaking, as Part of the said Sum of £.10,000; and they have also incurred sundry Debts, as well for Lands marked, set out, or taken and used, for the said Navigation, and the Works appertaining thereto, as for divers Materials, Utensils, and Implements, used in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and are now greatly in Arrear to the several Mortgagees, for the Interest on their respective Securities: That the Company have used their utmost Endeavours to borrow on Mortgage, as aforesaid, the Residue of the said Sum of £. 10,000, but have not been able to procure the Loan thereof, and the Creditors of the said Company are not only very pressing for the Principal and Interest due to them, but several of them have given Notice of their Intention of enforcing Payment of their Demands by Law. — And the Witness being further examined, said. That the said Company, unless they are enabled to raise and enforce the Payment amongst themselves, of a larger Sum of Money than they are at present empowered to do, will be totally unable to liquidate and discharge the said Debts by them so contracted and incurred, or to complete the said Navigation and other Works, or maintain and uphold so much thereof as is now finifljed: Vol. 56.

That the said Act hath in several respects been found defective, and the Execution of feme of the Powers and - Provisions thereof, in the Mode prescribed, inconvenient with respect to the Navigation thereby authorized and directed to be made, completed, and maintained; and it is requiflte that the same should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the " River Ouse, at or near the City of to Stillington " Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said " River Fofs," so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same:

And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented! ' Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Rufton JVva Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented.8*11' Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Township of Rufton Parva, otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Scuicoatw whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Seul-coates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon Leven Canal the 16th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Charlotta Bet hell. Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of

Leven, near the Boundary between Ejke and Leven Carrs,. in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding, was committed; and which, was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that several other

Amendments

30° Aprilis. A. 1801.

Amendments ire necessary to be made to the said

BUI i

Resolved, That the said BUI be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the same was Committed.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Shipowner* thereunto subscribed, being respectively Shipowners, agamit the' resident at Whitby, and interested in the Coal Trade, on Bill rtfpeaing Behalf of themselves, and all the other1 Ship Owners en-CaW,‘ gaged in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and readj Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing the several Acts now in force for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of adjoin-

ing thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River ‘Thames, by Coal Undertakers; and Setting forth, That the same will, if passed^into a Law in its present Form, without proper Modifications, most fe-riously injure the Petitioners and all other Ship Owners engaged in the Coal Trade; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to suggest the Necessity of introducing into the said Bill a Clause, not only to prevent the Meters, iuperintending the Measurement of Coals out of any Ships delivering Coals in the River Thames, from receiving any Fee or Gratuity, either directly or indirectly, /rom the Owner or Matter of such Ships, or from the Coal Buyer, but also the Lightermen, or other Persons having the Care of any Lighter to be laden with Coals from such Ships, from receiving fitnilar Fees or Gratuities; and that it would tend to Temedy the Delay which takes place in the Delivery of Colliers in the River Thames, if the Buyer of Coals were made liable to pay Demurrage, according to the Tonnage of the Ships, in cale of Detention beyond the Time agreed upon for the Delivery of her Cargo, and if the Discount and Scorage heretofore allowed the Buyer were discontinued, as the same tend to create a fictitious Price of Coals, which is not only prejudicial to the Owners of Ships, but detrimental to the Public; and that the Petitioners are also exposed to great Inconvenience from the Act, for providing an impartial Mode of conducting the Turns in the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of -castle and Sunderland having expired; and they therefore

presume to suggest the Necessity of reviving the fame: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, fis to the House shall appear proper, and as the Circumstances of their same shall be found to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table ilntil the said Bill be read a Second Time.

of A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Tanner*! &c. Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, in the Town and Neighbourhod of Bradford, in the County of And

also,

A Petition of the Tanners, -Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and ofing of Leather, in the Borough of Evejhant, in the County of Wor after;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the

39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's

5

Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the.

Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered td lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Butchers, Tanners, and Skinners, of Petition of the Towns and Neighbourhoods of Halifax, Bradford, and Bingley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House shall seem just and right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Frere presented to the House, according to Cav*nhmi Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, P within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the most Noble William Duke of petition for chester, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, Leave to pre-Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common forcovlngton Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Covington, inciofur*. in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Com-ftionable Places, are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dilperfed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided among the Parties interested, and inclosed, the same would be of public Utility; and that the Petit tioners, intending to apply to Parliament for the above'

Purposes, caused the proper Notices to be given, as required by the Standing Orders of the House; but that Difficulties having arilen as to the Terms of the Inclosure, a proper Petition could not be presented until the Time appointed for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed; and that such Difficulties being removed, and almost all the Parties interested being consenting thereto, the Petitioners pray. That Leave maybe given to present a Petition for the Purposes aforesaid, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That in Confederation of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition asdefired.

Then a Petition of the most Noble William Duke of Petition pr*. Matichester, and the humble Petition of the several other ent Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, ' the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the

House shall think proper. ___

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord

Viscount

l Vi (count Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do

- prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Bowes Earl

fflore, against of Strathmore, was presented to the House, and read; lamefley and Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and dofore BUU inclosing, certain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, called Blackburn Fell, Bar don , Hed/ey Fell,

Kibblesworth Common, and East Moor, otherwise

Blackburn Fell, Ravensworth Town Fields, and worth South Pasture,within the Chapelries of Lamejley and Tanfield, or the one of them, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, and County of Durham-, and Setting forth. That there are several Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if the same were to pass into a Law as they now Hand, would materially infringe the Rights, and injure the Property of, the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Stonesfieldln- Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, cloture Bill, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open agreed to Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. L27. After " aforesaid, " insert " Five " Acres of which shall be allotted as near as conveniently may be " to the Parsonage House of Stonesfieldaforesaid."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, Upon the Questioil put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Francis Spencer do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them* that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordlliips.

Man,field Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to

tion^reported. whom the Petition of leveraloftheTrustees for pdtting in ExecutionTwo Acts, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of hislate Majesty, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of *

Glapwell Heath, and Normanton, and the Liberty of Hajland,to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of ,in the County of

Derby, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trad eft men, and others, residing in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w'as referred -, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in- his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the VOL. 56.

Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Arts were read: And,

Mr. George IVragg being examined, said* That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually repaired* unleis the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the‘Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield,in the County of Derby: And that

Mr. Parker Coke and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and . bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baillie reported from the Committee,' to whom Greenlaw and the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Lauder Road, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldfiream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Mairfstone whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table j Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Pet ition, an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said " County, and for empowering the said Justices to " apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division " towards the fame," was read 5 Then,

Mr. William Scudamore being examined, said. That the Justices acting under the Directions of the said Act, purchased a convenient Piece of Ground at Maidstone, and did thereon build a Gaol* the Expences of which Purchase and Building were discharged out of the Surplus of the County Stock then in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Western Division of the County, and by Rates directed to be made by the said Act. — -And being further examined, he said. That ever since the building of the said Gaol, the Expences of repairing the fame

4 R have

Wilby In do- , lure Bill, presented.

Greenock Harbour and Police Peti tions, reported*

9

338 30° Aprili. A. 1801.

have been dircharged by Sums of Money raised within the Western Division, according to the Directions of the said Act; that for a Series of Years past, fandioned by no Law but Custom, the County of Kent has been divided into an Eastern and Western Division; that the Eastern Division has contributed towards the Mainte- nance of such Prisoners only as were sent to the Felons Part of the said Gaol from such Division, and the Western Division has, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of such Division, supported all the Prisoners sent from the said Western Division to the said Gaol; that such Custom is partial, unjust, and oppressive, inasmuch, as from the Contiguity of the said Western Division to the Metropolis, the Prisoners committed from that Division far exceed the Number of Prisoners from the Eastern Division j and the consequent Expence, therefore, imposed on the Inhabitants of the Western Division, exceeds, in an unreasonable Porportion, the Expence of the Eastern Division: That, independent of the Repair of the said Gaol being borne exclusively by the Inhabitants of the Western Division, they support also,attheir foie Charge, Two Bridewells, situate in the Western Division, one at Maidfone, and one at Dartford: That all Debtors in the Custody of the Sheriff of the said County are confined in the Gaol at M, and that the Expence charged to the County for their Maintenance,

whether they be sent from the Eastern or Western Division of the said County, is borne solely by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division; but the Witness did not prove the Allegation in the Petition, That the Gaol at Maidstone, is the only Gaol from which the Sheriff takes Security from the Gaoler; he has an equal right to take Security from the Gaoler at -bury, it being equally a County Gaol with the Gaol at Maidstone. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That as the Justices, as well of the Eastern as of the Western Division of the County, are appointed under one and the same Commission, and the Police of the County is general, it is conceived that the Expence incident to the due Administration of it ought to attach on the Inhabitants of the Whole County at large, and that it is unjust and inequitable, that, from any Circumstance of Locality, one District of a County, in a Matter which affects the Interest of the Whole, should, for the Furtherance of General Justice, be partially burthened. — Then,

Mr. 'Thomas Fuller being examined, produced a Statement of the Rates of several Parishes in the Western Division of the said County (which is hereunto annexed) in order to prove the Inequality of the Rates therein; but knew nothing of the Rates in the Eastern Division of the County.

The Amount of Poor Rates, and the Proportion of County Rates, to the Parishes as under, being in the County of Kent, at One Shilling in the Pound, taken from the Poor Books, by Thomas Fuller, of Farningham:

Farningham - - Rentals. £. d. 2,4x3 6 8 Poors Rate. £. s. d. 120 13 4 County Rate. £, s. d. 32 18 — More than of Poors Rate*

Eynsford - - - 2,148 107 8 — 40 16 — 1 T*

Bhoreharfl - - - 2,888 15 — 144 8 9 5° 17 — x " - T*

Che/sfe/d - - - - 2,082 104 2 — 25 12 — A 1 T*

Horton Kirby - - - - L959 3 4 97 *9 2 32 8 — . 1 T*

Dartford ----- 6,964 — — 348 4 — 118 x — - - 1 T*

Southfleet ----- M74 78 14 — 42 11 — x 1 " Tl *

Nor t /fleet - - - * 5.788 289 8 — 52 8 — t - " y

Kef on ----- - 761 38 1 — 1826 X " Tl* .

Eltham - - - 6,544 10 — 327 4 6 80 15 — 1 " " T*

Lee ----- - 2,914 i45 *4 ~ 48 1 ‘ " T-

Greenwich - 28,127 6 8 1,406 7 4 133 16 — 1 T"o

fVoohvich - - - 13.506 67 S6 — ,48 I " n- ,

The above Rates examined and taken by me,

Thomas Fuller, of Farningham.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday 'Morning next.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, or Baillics and Town Council, of the Burgh of Barony of and also, the Petition of the Magistrates or Baillies, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, and of the Reverend Robert Stee/e, Minister of the Parish of Greenock, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that with respect to the first-mentioned Petition, the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; but that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making Aqueducts, had only been complied with so far as respects the Notices in the County Newspaper, and on the Session House Door; that it appeared to the Committee, that it is only intended to give Power to 1

the Town Council of Greenock to contrail with the Owners of Springs within a certain Distance of the said Town for the Purchase of Water, and with the Owners of Lands, for Permission to convey such Water through the fame, on such Terms as shall be actually agreed upon; and that the Committee had also examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, " cleansing, and making more commodious the Harbours " of the Town of Greenock, for supplying the Inhabitants " with fresh and wholesome Water, and for paving, " cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other " public Places, within the said Town;" and also, anAdl, passed in the 29th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, were read; whereby certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Baillies of the Town of Greenock, and to the other Persons in the said Act mentioned and described, as Trustees for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution. — Then,

Mr.

Petition relative to Notices for York Improvement.

Mr. Hugh Craw fur dbeing examined; said, That the

Trustees have proceeded in executing the said Acfts, and have borrowed and advanced several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties* and Assessments by the said A<fls granted, which Sums, together with the said Rates, have been duly laid out; and great Progress has been made in the public Works thereby di-reded; but that the said Acts cannot be effectually carried into Execution, and the public Works kept in good Repair, unless further and additional Powers are granted, and the said Acts explained and amended in several Particulars. — And the Witness further said. That from the great Increase of Trade and Shipping, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock are not sufficiently large for the Reception, loading and unloading, and convenient lying of the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town of , if the said

Harbours were enlarged, and proper Piers, Quays, Jettees, Wharfs, and Cranes, made and erected for the Reception, loading and unloading, and Safety of the Ships and Vessels lying the rein, — And the Witness being further examined, said, That from the great Increase of Population in the said Town of it

has become necessary to procure a further Supply of good and wholesome Water for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof; that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Comfort of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Greenock, if Watchmen were appointed, and if a Footway or Pavement were made on each Side of the Streets, and Regulations made for keeping clean, and in Repair, the said Streets and Pavement: That it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Trade and Commerce of the said Town, and prevent Impositions on the Inhabitants* if the Baillies and Town Council of the said Town were empowered to regulate the Fares of Porters and Carters plying in the said Town, and of Watermen plying in the Harbour and Road of Greenock., as also to regulate the Fares of Hackney Coaches, Chaises, and Chairs, in the said Town. — And the Witness added, That it would also tend greatly to preserve good Order in the said Town, if the Baillies and Town Council of the said Town were authorized to build a Bridewell and Workhouse therein, and the said Baillies. were authorized to commit thereto, according to the Law of Scotland, Delinquents for Trial, and for Punishment after Conviction. — Then,

To prove the Allegation of the fecortd-mentioned Petition, Mr. Hugh Craivfnrd being again examined, said. That it would be attended with Advantage to the Town of Greenock, and to the Petitioner Robert Steele, if Power were given to him, with the Consent and Approbation of certain Heritors of the Parish, and the Members of the Presbytery, to feu out his Glebe under certain Conditions and Reftrkftions.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Mayor arid. Commonalty of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the ill Day of this Instant April, Notice has been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in and for the City of York, and County of the same City, that Application is making to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building, or widening and altering, over

the River Ouse, and Fofs Bridge, over the River Fofs, in the City of York; for widening, raising, and improving, certain Streets and Passages leading or near to the said Bridges, and for imposing Tolls on Carriages, Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, for defraying certain Expences relating thereto, and for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City to take down and remove the several Bars, Pofterns, Towers, Turrets, and Walls of the same City, or any Part thereof, and work up and

V o l. 56.

appropriate the Materials of the fathe to some public Use, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Milner,

Mr. Wilberforcep&cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Julius Angerjlein, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Soke of Kirion in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, of which the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the same County, is Part and Parcel, and of William Clarke, John Clarke, and others. Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby aforesaid, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the 6th Day of February last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: 1

And it is referred to Mr. Tyner, Mr; Keene, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power o fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One Horse only, for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by anAftof the38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Pensions on the Civil Establishment of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,up to the 25th

Day of March last; together with the Dates of the fame, and of the Terms for which they are respectively granted;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Civil and Military Establishments of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, up to the 25th Day of December last; and also, an Account of the Extraordinary and Contingent Epences of Government, as well Military as Civil, up to the same Day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Grants or Salaries made or given to any Person or Persons, by Way of Compensation for any Loss incurred by such Person or Persons in any Office or Offices held by such Person or Persons, in consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland; together with the Dates and Terms of such Grants.

Ordered,

Ashby Inclo* sure Petition* referred to a Committee,

Bill to permit certain Person* -in Holy Orders to keep one Horse free of Duty, presented.

Accounts re.-spefting Ireland, ordered.

go0 Aprilis.

Fines and Forfeitures Bill, ordered.

Report Ways and Means.

Pay and Clouthing of 'the Militia.

Allowance* to Militia Officers.

0°

Duty on Spirits imported from Ireland.

340

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Allowances made by the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies " Corporate, and Individuals, in respect to those Cities, " Towns, and Boroughs, which shall cease to fend any " Member to Parliament after the Union; and to make " Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may " thereby be discontinued, or diminished in Value."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England: And that Mr. Neiv-bolt and Mr. Sturges do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole Houfi, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vizt

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1801, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1801, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, for the Year 1801, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Gallon, Eng!if: Wine Measure, of Spirits distilled from Walh made from Sugar or Melasses in Ireland, and imported from thence into England.

The Three first Resolutions of the Committee, being lcverally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question lcvcrally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, an Amendment was propolcd to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " or " Melasses."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits distilled from Walh made from Sugar in Ireland, and imported from thence into England.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hiiey Addington, and Mr. Nicholas do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hiiey Addington, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Biagge, Mr. Hiiey

A. 1801.

The Lords have agreed to

Nether Bridge Roadi Bili

East Haltort

Incloi'ure Bill# with Amendments.

South Ferriby Inclosure Bill| with Amendments.

Addington, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and front thence tP the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Act s, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of IVefmorland, by

SizerghFell Side, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Millthrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge,'and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near ClawthropHall, in the County aforesaid j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eafi Hal-ton, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South

Fet'riby,in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin , Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the room of the

Right honourable Charles Lord Calthan Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keene's ElUte for veiling the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene, Esquire, Rid' and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe, an Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of Money advanced for tho Moneyb* the Public Service by the Bank of England, and outstanding LTu^oriLd! on the 5th April 1801; with the Amount of interestduc on the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee into the State of the present existing Laws between Lawsbrtweeu Mailers and Servants; and also to enquire whether any, wXrrand"1

and Servants.

The Lords have passed Emley's Nit.

Bill.

Keene's Efhte Bill.

4r Geo. III.

30

and what further Provisions and Amendments may be necessary to be made thereto; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Commitree was appointed of Mr. Parker , Mr. Tierrepont, Mr. Abbot, Sir Robert Mr. John

Fane, Mr. E/lifon, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Shaw , Sir

Martin Browne Fo/kes, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sheridan, Mr. Diekinson, Sir John William Mr. Burdon, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart: And they are to

meet To-Morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mail. 341 .

Feneris, i° dieMaii;

Anno 41® Georgii III'11 Regis, z Sot.

Down ham Ma;kei, &c. Inclo/iire Bill* reported*

Committee on Bank Notes Bill*

reported.

Committee on

Elephant Oil Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great , from the Duty impoted on such Sales.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitmore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill respecting

Hop? ‘imported into Ireland, committed*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation into Ireland of and Foreign Hops at

a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

MR. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Field, and other Lands, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotfham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of One Acre and Two Roods, who could not be found; and also, except the Proprietors of 38 Acres, who were neuter; and that ' the whole Property intended to be inclosed confilts of 542 Acres 1 Rood and 10 Perches; and that nol'crfon appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. AJiley presented to the House, according to Order, Thorpe Ab-a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Bil^preiilntaL mons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe bott s, in the County of Norfolk: And tine same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Haif Tear Snack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pan flies of South WaljloamSaint Lawrence, and South Walfham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

South Wit-flnmlrv! .

and Drrui.ipt IV jb r. ,u> " mitted.

Lo'-cIsAmend-ments to South Ferriby inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Yol. c6,

Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4o. I.27. After " Guardians," insert " or," and in the same Line, and Line 28, leave out " or Agents."

Pr. 50. 1. 8-7 out or taken in Exchange."

& 9.1

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quefidon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, lncioturc ljiii, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and agreed to.

4 S other

Crlafgow Roads Bill* reported.

Order for referring bkel-low, See. Inclosure and Drainage Petition to a Committee discharged, and Bill ordered.

Dunkefwell Inclol'ure Bill, presented.

Old Hurst Iii< cloture Bill, reported.

34a ' i

A. 1801.

v

other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the . Parish of East Ha/lon, in the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as ‘ followe'th;viz.

Pr. 41. I.36. After" Guardians," insert or,'land in the same Line, and Line 37, leave out " or Agents."

Pr. 51. 1. 7. Leave out " or taken in Exchange."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of to much of an Act, passed in the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the fame, as relates to the said Road from Bridge

to G/afgotv, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelh Brides to and leading:

' o Jo in

over Garngad Hill to Prevail Mill, and to the present

Turnpike Hoad leading to Cumbernauld, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where toe Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QuctlLn severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Skellow, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of Estates in the Manor and Township of Skelloiv, and Hamlet of Car-croft, in the Parish of Oivston,in the West Riding of the County of York,which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the said 3d Day of March, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the Petitioners did not intend to proceed upon such Part of the said Petition as relates to the Draining of the Lands and Grounds therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, incloiirg, and improving, the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce, Mr. Bryan Cooke, and Mr. Lascelles, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Elford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Dunkejwell,in the County of Devon: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content 'to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then.a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Linds and Grounds in the Parishes or Chapelries of North Wot ton, Pi/ton, Wifiand several other

Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and Esquire, on

Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates and Lands lying near or adjoining to the River Bras, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 1,175 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 1,967 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained confhls of 27,162 Acres); aid that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevevJ Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleik's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, or Bailliesand Town Council, of the Burgh of Barony of; and also, the

Petition of the Magistrates, or Baillies and Town Council, of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, and of the Reverend Robert Steele, Minister of the Parish of,

were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the 13th and 29th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and belter supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters,plying in the said Town; and of Pilots, Watchmen, and jobbers', employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde; and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town: And that Mr. Boyd Alexander and Mr. Mdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Vifcotint llinchingbrookreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Saint George Knudfowas committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

without

North WoN tun, Slc. Drainage Bill) reported.

GreenockH.r* hour and Police Bill, ordered.

Knudson's Nat. Kill, reported, and pa£ed.

bfensfieM Roads Bill, presented*

Petition of Tanners, 6cc.

41 Geo. III.

1* Mail.

343

without any Amendment: And he delivered the in at the Clerk's 1 able.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That t ho J3i II do pass.

Ordered, That Air. liar court do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Air. Parker Coke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Bovvers of Two A efts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town o in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleafley, Glapivell Heath, and and the Liberty

of Hajland, to the 'Turnpike Road leading from the

Town of Derby to the Town of Chest erf, c!d, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Sadlers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, concerned and employed in cutting and using of Leather, in the Borough and Township of Prefron,in the County of Lancasterand other Townships or Places u'ithin the Vicinity thereof, was presented to the House, and That an Act was obtained in the of His pro lent Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to

read; Setting forth, 39th and 40th Years

his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is is fol-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the' feid Petition; Air: Rickard Allen being examined, feid. That, pursuan. to Leave granted by the House on the 30th Day of March last. Notice has been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Buckingham, of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony ,in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions; Nuifences, and Annoyances therein; and likewise for repairing the Rampart Road, or Causeway, from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and also for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony fordand in the Parishes of and Wool

in the said County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said Improvements. — Then Three printed Newspapers, called The Northampton dated

the 4th, nth, and 18 th Days of last, were produced, wherein the like Notices of Application are inserted, agreeable to the said Leave of the House.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 27th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees in whom certain Charity Estates are now veiled, for the Public in general: And praying,'That the said Act

feid Petition do lie upon the

Beeping,

C.vwU-.!>d Src.

Inc* iu ‘ prtlcnuJ.

the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Purpose of repairing the Highways and the Bridge

over the River , in or near the Town of Stony , in the County of , was referred;

might be again read.

O O

And the same being read accordingly;

That Leave be given to bring ih a Bill fof Air. Vyiier prefenfrd to the House, according to Or- paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise im-der, a Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and in- proving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages doling Deeping, Grove land, Langtoft, Bq/lon, Spalding, and Places, within the Parishes of and

may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the Table.

Pinchbeck, and Coivbit Commons, within the Parts of K -fie- :n arid Holland, in the County of Lincoln', and aim lor draining certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby,adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River and

Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuifences, and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road, or Causeway, from the said Town to the Bridge over the Certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Pa- River Ouse, in or near thereto; and for repairing the fifties of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said feid Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Estates, situate in the said Town of Stratford, and Welland; and also for rendering more effectual several in the Parishes of Calverton and Wooherton, in the said Acts of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, the said Improvements; And that the Earl Temple, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Praed, and Sir William Young, do prepare, and bring the fame.

in

Invention. S;c. IrtcloUirc Bill, . commuted*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes ot and Benefield, otherwise Cold in the County of

Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to tire Earl Temple, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Down Amp-the Open and Common Lands and Grounds,within the Parishes of Dozen Ampney,in the County of Gloucester, committed.' and Lattin and E fey,in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. John Eliot, Sir Robert Buxton &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Potion reta-tivt to Not ices for btonv Srrattora Paving, sported.

The House was moved, That the Report which; upon Rsport on The Earl Temple reported from the Committee, to Wednesdalaft, was made from the Committee, to whom Petition for whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Croydon" and are thereunto lubfcvibed, being Trustees in whom cer- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Rotherhithe tain Charity Estates are now veiled, for the Purpose of others, Subscribers to the Expence of making the Canal Canal Bill, repairing the Highways, and the Bridge over the River and other Works thereinafter mentioned, was referred, comimtte Ouse, in or near the Town of Stony Stratford, in the might be again read.

County of Buckingham,was referred; That the Com And the same being read accordingly; mittce had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed,

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to

to them, to the House, and he read the Report in the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

VOL.56. - A Bill

1

i° Mail.

A. 1801.

Hey ford Inclosure Bill, committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common- Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyforth, otherwise Hey ford-at- Bridge, and Cal-

cott, in the Parish of Lower Hey fordotherwise at- Bridge, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ewell Inclo* sure Bill, passed.

Petitions in fhvour of Co-vtntry Poor Bill

pily encouraged in England by the Commercial Part of the United Kingdom, in establishing and carrying on private Manufactories, which have been found by Experience more beneficial to the Community than any public Manufactories ever have, or can be *. And therefore praying, That the House will not pal's the said Bill into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inhabitant*, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Parishioners of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- titioners now employed in the Silk and other Manu-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Wa e factories in the Neighbourhood of London, but mean Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of to return to their native Parishes in Coventry, are greatly Surrey, was read the Third Time. alarmed at hearing that a Bill is depending in the House,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title for uniting the Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Trinity, and for vesting new and unheard of Powers in Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Eighteen Directors, to the great Opprefiion of the Lands, within the Parish of Ezvell, in the County of Poor, and to the Destruction of those Constitutional Surrey. Powers now vested in Churchwardens and Overseers;

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to and that the Petitioners, justly alarmed at this pro-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. jected Innovation, as contrary to the Willies and Opi-

nions of the Majority of the Inhabitants of Coventry,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, as it will prove destructive of their Happiness and their of the City of Coventry, in Council assembled: And Industry, pray that they may be heard, by Count'd, if

also,

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Members, of the incorporated Company of the Fellowiliip of Drapers, in the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the incorporated Company or Fellowship of Worsted Weavers of the City of Coventry, and considerable Heading of the said Bill,

necessary, again!! the said Bill, and that the House will not content to pass the said Bill into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill committed.

Payers to the Rates there: And also,

A Petition of the Matter, Warden, and Members, of the Company of Cappers and Fcltmakers, in the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Fellowship, of the Company of Broad Weavers and Clothiers of the City of Coventry, and considerable Payers there: And also,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now " and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

A Petition of the Fellowship and Company of Whit- 2 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

Petitions a^ainst D®

Bill from Fullers.

Silk Weavers. Woolcombers.

tawers, Glovers, Fellmongers, and Parchment Makers, in the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and who are paying to the Relief of the Poor of and within the said Parishes;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of ahe Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Fullers of the City of Coventry: And also,

tuled, " An Act for the better Relief and Employment " of the Poor," might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Word " now1 Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JSIr Young,

tetters for the leas,

} 84-

22.

Tellers for Noe,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jeffery's,

A Petition of the Company of Silkweavers of the Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet this

City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Woolcombers of the City of Coventry;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Newboit presented to the House, according to Fir.esand Setting forth,'That, if the same passes into a Order, a Bill for better Payment of Fines and For-Law, it will be injurious toall Persons concerned feitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England:

or employed in any of the Manufactories carried on in the said City; and that the Principle of establishing public Manufactories, if carried into Effect, will materially affect and check that Spirit of Emulation and Industry, now so hap-4-

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion

Motions respecting thd Convention for the Eva- cuation of Egypt.

»(N*g)

Motion for a Bill to exempt Inlh Members from certain Duties, to be considered in Committee

Hoofe resolve* to adjourn to Monday.

King's Con-lent to Weft-manlide In-doiureBiil.

The Lords have agreed to

Kennet and Avon Canal Bill.

The Lords have paised Volckers Nat. Bill.

Bill read*

41 Geo. lit.

Maiu

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty* That He will be graciously plealed to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the In-ft ructions to the Right honourable the Earl of Elgin, relative to the Convention for the Evacuation of Egypt;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pu t That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleaffed to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the last Treaty between Great Britain and the Ottoman Porte;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Extracts of all Letters passing to and from the Right honourable the Earl of Elgin, Sir Sidney Smith, Mr. Spencer Smith, and any

of His Majesty's Ministers, relative to the Convention for the Evacuation of Egypt;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Irela, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Emiey* Nat-for naturalizing Joseph Emiey, was read the First Time. 're* '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, puty fill, upon the Bui for repealing the Dtity upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mi . Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, th‘e Export*-6 upon the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or tion> &c. of other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, and^Jlr*-to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or feud. Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mn Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several. Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of , called Westmanfide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead; which Bill was, upon Friday last,

reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Volckers; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. , VoL. 56.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hop«^mport-S upon the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, edintolre-the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops, at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- Militia Pay cording to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of Blll>Presented* the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- MilitiaSubal-cording to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in cer- ail*" tain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in presented!

4 T Time

-4

Mail

A\ 1801,

Militia Adjutants Allowances Bill, presented.

Time of Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time' upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Tetbury Roads Bill, committed.

Luna, 40 die Mali;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Downham closing, certain Open Field, and other Lands, within

1 readtheThirii

Time-

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several

Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts re-

late to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to BilT be adjourned tUlTo-morrow^Morning".' the turnpike Road on Mmchinhampton Common, and the several Parishes of Downham Market,

and Bexwe/l, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

And the House being informed that some Amendments were intended to be proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the said

from the said Road in Mincliinh Field, unfertile Turnpike Road from Cirencester, to Stroud, near Burnt and from the said Turnpike Road to Mill Pond,

in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of

the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road from Mill Pond aforesaid, to Foft on in the Parish of,

in the said County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Marquis of Worcester, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

H id flock in closure Bill, committed.

Bill to amend

Scotch Militia Acts, deterred.

Bill to amend Workmens Combination Ad, deterred.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadfrock, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Bramston, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloulb, upon the Bill to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland.

Ordered, That the ' Bill (now ingrossed) to amend so

Kingdom

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, in the Town and County of Leicester; And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and Sadlers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's . Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying. That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Butchers trading in the City and County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying. That the said Act may be repealed, by which alone the Petitioners can be re-

Petition! of Tanners, &c#

Petition of Butchers of Hereford.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Flepbant Oil Bill, deterred.

much of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of lieved from the great and heavy Damage, Inconvenience, the Reign ot I lis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

" intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations " of Workmen; and to substitute other Provisions in " lieu thereof," as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn

and Injury, to which they are subjected.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edmund Cradock Ilartopp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erding-

Erdington, &c. Inclosure Bill, preferred.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ton and IVitton, in the Parish of Birmingham,

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt Elephant

MS'

in the County of Wanvick:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Aftley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Potter

Potter Heigh< am Inclosure and Drainage Bill, present* ed.

Kockwardme, See. Drainage and Inclosure Petition, reported*

White Sheet Hi)) and Miaftefbury Roads Bill, jtpoited.

Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame'

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mod noble Granville Le-vefon Gower, Marquis of the County of

and the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and the humble Petition of Thomas Eyton and William Cludde, Esquires, the Reverend Gilpin

and John Rccke, Clerks, William Glover and

Richard Emery, Gentlemen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred ;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Bifiston, being examined, said, That there are in

the several Parishes of Rockzvardine, Eyton, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the Townships of Crudgeington and SI cap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise ErcallMagnin the same County,

several Common Moors, and other Commons and Walle Lands, which are subject to Inundation by the overflowing of various Brooks, Rivulets, and Watercourses, running through or near the fame, and (undry Parts thereof are unfound and boggy, and are in their present State, incapable of any material Improvement; but if fuel) Brooks, Rivulets, and Watercourses, were rendered straighter, wider, and deeper, and proper Falls obtained, and sufficient Embankments and Drains made, and the Waters of the same Brooks, Rivulets, and Watercourses, were putunderdue Regulation, as well for the Purpose of such Drainage, as for the Floating of the adjacent Lands, and the said Common Moors, and other Commons and Walle Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights, not only the said Moors, and other Commons and Walle Lands, but a considerable Extent of Land already inclosed, might and would be greatly improved, to the Advantage of the Petitioi.ers, and the other Proprietors thereof, and of the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, RedivayMoor, Waters Upton Moor, and other

Commons and Walle Lands, within the several Parishes of Rcckwardine, Eyton, Kynnerjland Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall,

otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County: And that Sir Richard Hill, Lord Granville Gower, and

Mr. William Hill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Don-head St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftcjbary, Millborne Port, and Sherborne, in

the Counties of Dorset and to the Hallway

House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the downs of Shaftejburyand Sherborne aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he . Vo t. 56.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli--Vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Tertn and Powers of Greenlaw and Two Acts, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his H',"1" ‘I*1* late Majesty, and the 2ill Year of the Reign of His 1 ,pa *' present Majesty, so far as relates to the lloads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing

and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swiuton, and from Coldfiream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleajant,

in the said County of Berwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldfiream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleajant, in the said County of Berwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Baillic do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William El ford reported from the Committee, to Koop't Patent whom the Petition of Matthias K, of James Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, in the F County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was referred; That the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioner said, That he had prepared a particular Specification of his Invention for making Paper from Straw,

Hay, Thistles, Walles, and Refuse of Hemp and Flax, and different kinds of Wood and Bark, fit for Printing, and other useful Purposes, to be inrolled in pursuance of the Proviso contained in the Letters Patent mentioned in the said Petition; but is informed, that if the same be inrolled in the Court of Chancery, there is no Means of preventing Copies being obtained by Foreigners and others, who will thereby have the Advantage over His Majesty's Subjects, by making Use of the same in Foreign Countries, as many Instances are known to the Petitioner, of Inventions, for which Letters Patent have been obtained in this Country, having been carried on Abroad, in consequence of Copies of Specifications being obtained here of such Inventions, and particularly Sir Richard Arkwright's Invention of Engifies for Carding and Spinning of Cotton, having been ella-blished in Prussia and several Parts of Germany. — And the Petitioner produced to Your Committee, Two Volumes of a Publication, called " The Repertory of Arts:

" and Manufactures," published in Numbers Monthly, since the Year 1794; which contains Copies of Specifications of Patents obtained for Inventions and Machinery in this Kingdom, and Plates of such Machinery; and which Work is constantly carried to the Continent, and there tranllated into the French, German, and other Languages; whereby Foreigners are enabled tp avail themselves of the Inventions of Men of Genius and Science in this Kingdom, to the great Detriment and Injury of the Public, the Revenue, and the Inventors;

and that in the Monthly Numbers of such Work for Marsh last, a Copy of the Specification of the Invention of the Petitioner, for extracting Writing and Printing Ink from written and printed Paper, converting the same into Pulp, and re-manufact using the same into Paper again, and for which Invention His Majesty was pleased to grant the Petitioner Letters Patent, is inserted. — -The Petitioner further Hated to Your Committee, That he had been informed, that in Letters Patent granted for Ireland, there was no restrictive Proviso contained therein, as to the Number of Persons to be concerned therein, as there is in those granted for England and for Scotland. — Then,

Mr. Samuel Lifter produced the Letters Patent granted to the Petitioner for England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon 'Tweed, dated x 7th February 1801; and also produced His Majesty's Warrant, directing a Letter to be made and passed under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and made use of in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal of Scotland, giving and granting unto the said Matthias Koops, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, His Special Licence to use, exercise, and vend his laid invention within Scotland, for the Term of Fourteen Years, and which Warrant appears to bear Date the 17th Day of 1801, — He also pro-

duced a Copy of another Warrant signed by His Majesty, the Original of which he stated to have been sent to Ireland,authorizing and requiring His Majesty's Lord Lieutenant there to cause good and sufficient Letters Patent to be palfed under the Great Seal of Ireland, giving unto the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, His Special Licence, during the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date thereof, to vend his said Invention within Ireland, and which Warrant is stated to Your Committee to bear Date on the 22d Day of January last; and also produced a Deed of Agreement executed between the Right honourable Earl Grosvenor, the Petitioner and others, for the De-

mile of certain Lands at Millbank, belonging to his Lordship, for a certain Term therein mentioned, to the Petitioner and others, for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufacture mentioned in the Petition, and in which the Petitioner and others covenant to pay his Lordship a clear Annual Rent of'£.1,000.; and also, to lay out and expend on the Premises, in Erections for carrying on the said Manufacture, previous to requiring the said Demise to be made to them, the Sum of £. z 5,000. — Then,

John Hunter, Esquire, being examined, said, That to carry on the Manufacture mentioned in the Petition, would require a Sum of Money far beyond the Means or Power of the Petitioner to bring forward; and that he knew several Gentlemen who were ready to hazard and subscribe nearly £.100,000, for the Purpose of establishing and carrying on the said Manufacture, on being permitted to participate in and enjoy the Liberties and Privileges granted to the Petitioner by the said Letters Patent; but that no Five Persons would come forward to hazard such a Sum. — Then,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said. That the Works necessary, and already ordered to be built, for the Purpose of carrying on the said Manufacture, together with the Steam Engine, Utensils, and Machinery, will cost about £.50,000. — Then,

Mr. Benjamin Cooper, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That he had prepared Plans for the different Buildings necessary for carrying on the said Manufacture, the Expence of which Buildings will cost about £. 50,000. — Then,

Mr. Elias Carpenter, Paper Maker, being examined, laid, That not less than Five Hundred Persons would be employed, in the first Instance, in the said Manufacture, and on the Scale on which it was purposed to establish it, he believed not less than Eight hundred or One thousand Persons.would be necessary; that Three-fourths of the Rags consumed in this Coun-

try is supplied from Abroad; which, by this Manufacture, would in a great measure be rendered unnecessary; and that he has not the least Doubt, but that this Manufacture, if established, will considerably reduce the Price of Paper, as it can be carried to any Extent: That the Scarcity of Rags has been l'o great as to prevent the Paper Makers from executing their Orders at any Price, and the Buyer would have been a Loser if he had taken the Paper at even Half the advanced Price the Paper Maker could have afforded to fell it at. — He produced to Your Committee several Samples of Paper which were made by him, under the Direction of the Petitioner, and which were made solely from Straw and Wood, without the Mixture of any other Article.

Mr. Thomas Burton, Printer to the Tax Office, being then examined, said. That in July 1799, he had not less than Three Prefles standing Hill for the want of Paper. — Then,

Mr. Charles Cooke, a Book feller in Pater Nojler Row, being examined, said, That such is the high PriGe of the Raw Material with which Paper is now made, that he could not print the detached Numbers to complete different Sets of Works he bad advertised to publish, without being at a greater Expence in printing the same than what he fold them for.

Then a Member present informed Your Committee, That the House, in which he is a Partner, pays to Foreigners, Money on Letters of Credit given on them, many of which are to Persons sent to inspect the Manufactories and Inventions established in this Country:-That such Persons frequently inquire where such are established, and alk for Letters of Recommendation from them, to different Residents who live in those Places where they are set up; and he believes it to be a Matter of great Notoriety that such Practices exist, and, he believes, much to the Prejudice of the Manufactures of this Country. — Then,

Mr. James Chalmers, being examined, said, That after the Specifications of Inventions are inrolled in the Chancellary of Scotland, Extracts, or Copies thereof, may be obtained by any Person who applies for the lame, on paying the usual Fees, which are of small Amount.

Then Mr. James Poole, being examined, said. That he had been Clerk of the Patent Office in England upwards of Seventeen Years last part, and that when Specifications are enrolled in the Offices directed by Letters Patent, Foreigners, or any other Persons, may obtain Copies thereof, by paying certain accustomed Fees, which are small.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the

aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to and

leading over Garngad Hill to Provan and to the

present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgozv, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to- the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

Ordered, That Sir John Stuart da carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Glasgow Roads Bill, passed.

Greenock Harbour and Police Bill, presented.

Kington upon Hull Streets and Dock Bill, prclented.

Birmingham Paving &c. BiH, reported*

Member added to bring in Carl* ton, See. In-cjolure Bill*

Bill presented.

Westmanfide inclosureBil), read the Third Time.

Mail

349'

Mr. Boyd Alexander presented to thfe House* according to Order, a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the 13th and 29th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town; and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers* employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde-, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Samuel 'Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street from the said Market Place to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 9th and 13th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said A<fls mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Wilfred Richardson, of Birmingham, in the county of,

Ironmonger, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Jdoufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. EJlcourt be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situated in the several Parishes of Carlton, -Colville, Oulton, and Kirtley, otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk.

Mr. EJlcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Doles, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Colville, Oulton, and Kirtley, otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for-dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lituate, lying, and being, in

V01. 56.

that Part of the Parish of East Hehdred, which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanfide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington^Mead, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that an Extract of the Award, and the Plan of the Allotrhcnt to His Majesty, be made, and transmitted to the Land Revenue Oflice.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

And the House being informed that another ingrafted Clause was intended to be offered to be added to the Bill, by Way.of Ryder;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

A Bill For dividing and inclbfing the Open and Com- wiibv Tndo-mon Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, cortl*

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wilby, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Tinie:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr; Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Cartwright, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, -That Mr. Speaker do issue P°°le w*1-his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Poole, in the County of Dorset, in the room of George Garland, Esquire, who; since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and;

in the County of Buckingham;

The Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying, that the Indenture, whereby Mr. Garland is returned a Burgess for the said Town, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the 17th Day of April last, was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to 1

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Poole, in the County of in

the room of George Garland, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene, Esquire, committed, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in, the room of the Right honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe, an Infant, to the Uses and upon the Trulls of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and forgiving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.;

Mr. EJlcourt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Dajrappomted posed. That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- R^dtngof doling, the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County Need wood of Stafford, be now read a Second Time; fu« iiiil'1*

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add. the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

4 VAnd

S5° 4* Matt. A. 1801.

And th® Question being put, That the Word M now'* stand Part of the Questionr The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } *5‘

e Lord Granville Levefon\

Tellers for the Noes,? Gower, s 26.

I Mr. Mainwaring: j

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Sevennight," be added at the End of the Question 5 It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put*. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevgnnight.

Petition, rrU- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Sces^or thereunto subscribed, being Landlords, Owners, and Spiui6ei<u Occupiers, of Houses, Lands, Hereditaments, and new Street. Premises, within the several Parishes of Chriji Church, and Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 2d Day of April last. Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden ror the County of Middlesex, and at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, in the said County, and Three Times in the Newspaper called 'The Morning Herald,in the Month of April last, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for making a new Street or Passage, commodious for Carriages and Passengers, from the South End of Crispin Street, near Spita/fie/ds Church, unto Whitechapel High Street, both in the said County of Middlesex, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Morpeth Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom

Road Petition, ^he Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Exe-reported. cut;on Two Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford,

Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the Cross in Elfdon,

in the County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Meggijon being examined, said. That such Part of the said Road as lies between the Town of Morpeth aforesaid and M Town H&d has, by the Encroachments of the River Wanfpeck, become nearly impaffabie, and is progressively becoming more dan-

5

gerous; and it has become absolutely necessary to change the course of the said Road, by making a new Road out of the present Turnpike Road leading from Morpeth to Alnwick, in the said County, about a Quarter of a Mile from the North End of the Towivof,

to Mitford Town Head aforesaid. — And the Witness further said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, but are now in-want of Funds for the Purpose of making the proposed necessary Alteration, and for keeping the said Roads in Repair; which Funds cannot be raised, nor the said Purposes attained, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Amd that

Mr. Grey and Mr. Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of , in the Parish of Ellaflon, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except One Own^r of Land, assessed to the Land Tax at 1 8 d. per Annum,

who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.6. 35. id. per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimzvell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Suffer, to the Town and Port of in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Joseph Ram, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, as Vicar of the said Parish, is principally maintained by an Assessment on Houses and Tenements in the said Parish, and in the said City, made under an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to make a Frovision for the Vicar in lieu of the Payments made by virtue of

an

Suntan Inclosure BUI, reported.

Ticehurst mA Halting! Road Bill'presented.

Petition of Mr. Rann, fof Prorifion in Coventry PdOf BiLL

4i Geo. III. a° Mail 351

an Act, passed in the 4th and*$th Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, for the Payment of Tythes in the City of and in respect whereof

the Vicars of the said Parish were not liable to be rated to the Poor; and that the Annual Amount of the Money raised by virtue of the said Act of the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for® the Maintenance of the Petitioner, does not exceed the Sum of /. 200; and that the Petitioner having been considered by His Majesty's Court of King's Bench as liable to the Payment of Poors Rates in respect of the Monies raised by the said Assessment, the Petitioner has paid the Sum of/. 1,400, and upwards, in consequence of such Determination; and that the Poors Rates in the said Parish are so burthensome, that in case the Payment thereof, to the Extent to which the Petitioner hath been assessed, and which in Law the Petitioner has been adjudged liable to, should be enforced, the Petitioner would be left without Support, and in a much worse Condition than before the passing of the said Act; and that the Petitioner, at the Time of passing the said Act, being considered as -not liable to the Payment of Poors Rates, no Clause was inserted therein to exempt him from the Payment thereof; and that there being a Bill now in the House for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, the Petitioner prays that the House will take the Matter of his Petition into serious Consideration, and afford him and his Successors such Relief, by a Clause to be inserted in the said intended Act, as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ptmoorDraim- Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and improving the Common' ytkattd.' or Waste, called Otmoor,within the Township of Beck-ley, and the Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the Parish of Beekley, in the Parishes of re and the

Township of Charlton, and the Hamlets of Fencott and Moorcott, in the Parish of Charlton, in the Counties of Onford and Bucks, or some or one of them; and for dividing, and setting out, specific Parts thereof, for the several Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets respectively, and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, or interested therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Billrespecting Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the drowse?" - of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

kud,reported, allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops, at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the lame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Thomas Wyndham presented to the House, accord- Cardiff; arc.

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of the Great and Little Heaths, otherwise Mwynydd, Bwchan, and Wain Dyval, lying within the several Parishes of Saint John the tifl, in Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath, and in the County of Glamorgan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Cardiff thereunto subscribed, or Marks let, Debtors in the Prison at the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account of

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Bank'present-presented to the House, pursuant so their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the Public Service by the Bank of England, and out-standing on the 5th April 1801; with the Amount of Interest due on the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the irife Spirit* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ®ut*tBjl> repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from report* Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the BiUrespecting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *}* Export*-enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor Comfromwvl or Chief Govetnors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exporta- to Ireland, tion from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and to permit r*porte<1‘ the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a

Second,

BantatftoU* Bill, ordered*

Addrest for Papersrefpe&* iag Grenada*

35 2 ,4 '‘Mali. i8or

Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Lfeave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and

fls of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business Bankers: And that Sir William , the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lushington, from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Island of Grenada, was referred, acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proclamation issued by His Majesty, on the Cession of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, by the Treaty of Peace of 1763; — and also, a Copy of the Proclamation issued by His Majesty, on the Cession of the Island of Grenada, by the Treaty of Peace in 1783; — and also, a Copy of the Memorial presented by the Council and Assembly of the Island of Grenada to Lieutenant General Matthew, in October 1784, and his Letter accompanying the fame; — and also, Copies of Lord Sydney's Letters of the 7th of October 1785, to Mr. President , and Lord Sydney's Letters of the 19th of December 1787, and 2d of January 1788, to General Matthew, — and also, a Copy of the Memorial presented to Mr. Secretary Dundas, by the Agent of the said Island, in the Month of September 1792, on the Subject of withdrawing Part of the Garrison; — and also, a Copy of the Communication made by Mr. Secretary to the Agent of

the Island on the 8th of January 1793, on the Subject of putting the Island in a State of Defence, at the Commencement of the present War; — and also, a Copy of an Order of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, for countermanding the Order for the Removal of the 67th Regiment from Grenada; — and also, a Copy of Mr. President Williams's Letters to the Secretary of State, of the 27th and 28th of October 1787; — and also, printed Copies of the Minutes of the Two Houses of Assembly in the Island of Grenada, from the ill of January 1784 to the> ill of March 1795.

And Mr. Lujhinglon moved the House accordingly. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proclamation issued by His Majesty on the Cession of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, by the Treaty of Peace of 1763; — and also, a Copy of the Proclamation issued by His Majesty on the Cession of the Island of Grenada, by the Treaty of Peace in 1783; — and also, a Copy of the Memorial presented by the Council and Assembly of the Island of Grenada to Lieutenant General Matthew in October 17 84, and his Letter accompanying the fame;

— and also, Copies of Lord Sydney's Letters the 7th of October 1785,10 Mr. President Lucas, and Lord Sydney's Letters of the 19th of December 1787, and 2d of January 1788, to General Ma — and also, a Copy

of the Memorial presented to Mr. Secretary Dundas by the Agent of the said Island in the Month of September 1792, on the Subject: of withdrawing Part of the Garrison; — and also, a Copy of the Communication made by Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Agent of the Island on the 8th of January 1793, on the Subject of putting the Island in a Sane of Defence at the Commencement of the pre:ent War; — and also, a Copy of an Order of the R ght honourable Henry Dundas, for countermanding the Order for the Removal of the 67th Regiment from Grenada; — and also, a Copy of Mr. President Williams's

Letters t6 the Secretary of State of the 27th and 28th of October 1787; — and also, printed Copies of the Mi-

nutes of the Two Houses of Assembly in the Island of Grenada, from the ill of January 1784 to the ift of March 1795.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr, Ord:

Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of , and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road; without any Amendment i And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New WindJ'or, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge near Longford, in the County o f BQiddlesexand for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said ILad at South ley, in the Parish of Datchet, to the Village of Datchet, in the County of Bucks-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Linds and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrefilingworth, in the County of Bedford -, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Fourth Article of the Union between Great Britain and might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to consider of so much of the said Article as enacts, That no greater Number of Members than Twenty, holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be capable of fitting in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, until an Act shall have paired in the said Parliament, providing in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be incapable of being Members of the said House of Commons; and to consider in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be declared to be liable to such, Incapacity, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Manners Sutton, Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Mr. Corry, Mr. Drench, Mr. EJivard Lee, Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. MNaghteu, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Baker, Mr. Hawkins Brozvne, Sir Robert Buxton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One Ilorfc only for the Purpose of Riding,

without

The Lord* have agreed to

Macclesfield Ro^di Bill

New Wind-for Road Bill*

Wrestling-worth Inclosure Bill, with Ameodmeatt.

Committee appointed respectingPlacet held by Irith Members.

Bill to permit

certainBedbn* in Holy Orders to keep One Horsemee of Duty, committed.

Biti to amend Workmens Combination Act, passed*

Committee on Bill to amend Scotch Militia Aftt*

Reports of Committee on Precedents, lrc*considered*

Question previous, N eg. for a New Writ for 014 Saruna-

4

Mail

353

without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the 38th Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly$

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal " an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations " of Workmen; and to substitute other Provisions in " lieu thereof/' as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof," as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to.

Ordered, That General Gafeoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination of several Persons taken upon the 10th Day of March last, at the Bar of this House; and also the several Reports which, upon the ad and 14th Days of this Instant April, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine the Journals of this House, and Records of Parliament, for Precedents, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House; and to report the same to the House.

And. the said Minutes and Reports were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Great Britain, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this prefyit Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, in the room of the Reverend John Horne Tooke, who, being at the Time of his Election in Priest's Orders, was, and is incapable, of fitting in this House;

Mr. Horne Tooke was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

V01. 56.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.jj1' j S3-

Tellers for the Noes, Ge"eral' j 94-

So it paired in the Negative. /

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And it being Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Clergy to let Leases of their Tythe, for a limited Period, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Report made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out, or the altering of Public Roads, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England, be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Friday last. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in , for the

Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Tythe Leases Bill, deferred.

Further Consideration of Report respectingRoads in Inclosure Bills,deferred.

Fines and Forfeitures Bill, deferred.

Committee on Motion for a Bill to exempt Irish Members from certain Duties, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred.

Militia Subalterns Allowances Bill, deferred. Militia Adjutants Allowances Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Elephant Oil Bill, deferred*

Martis,

5° Mail. A. 1801.

Martis, 5° die Mali;

Anno 41* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Thorpe Ab- \ BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the b"t!s In" 21 Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of committed.* Thorpe Abbotts, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. AJlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Down ham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further

Jnciofure^BIll Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed paired. Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Field and other Lands, within the several Paddies of Dozvnham Market, Wim and in the County of Norfolk, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 59. 1. 25. To leave out "except where the Application thereof is directed, as hereinbefore provided."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Field and other Lands, within the several Pari (lies of Downham Market, and Bexwell,

in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Aftley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brighton, Sic. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, incl 'fure Bill, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of paired. Brighton, Lingzvood, and Moulton, in the County of Nor-

folk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Brighton, Lingzvood, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Act do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Blofield, he.An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

inclosure Bill, the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within pailcd. the Parishes of Blofield and in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofteld and Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Grand June- Mr. Pracd reported from the Committee, to whom tion - mi tl,c Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of

Bui, reported.

Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th,' and 381I1 Years of the llcign of His present Majesty, and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the famerc.be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments 5

thereunto, which they had directed him to- report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second -Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that nothing contained in the Ad shall affect Questions between the Company and: certain Persons.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be-ingrossed.

Mr. Simon Torke reported from the Committee, to: Stangrmmd whom the Bill for dividing,allotting,inclosing, and other-wile improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Com- and re-con-mons, and Wastes, within the Parish of m:tted-

Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the lfle of Ely, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Proprietors or Occupiers of Commonable Messuages or Cottages in Whittlesey ,in the Me of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, or Inhabitants of Whitt lefty aforesaid, being Proprietors or Occupiers of certain Lands there, having Right of Common in and over a certain Tract of Land called Nortkey ,or Northern, within the Parish of Stanground with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the-Ille of Ely, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or otherwise interested in the Open Fields, Open Meadows,

Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground

with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Me of Ely, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel on Behalf of the first-mentioned Petition, and had also considered the last mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,

(except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.z. 17 s.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole Property assessed to the Land Tax amounts to £.305. or. per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houre; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bin; _ _

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Banbury and whom the Petition of the several Persons, whoseJNvmes Bdgeliiii Road are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in pomd"' "* Execution Two Acts, one passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rijing, at the Top

of

Drayton In* clufure Bill, jailed.

Leven Canal re-comautted Bill, reported.

TMrtk and

Skipton Bridge Road* Bill, reported*

41 Geo. III. 50 Mail - 355

of Edgehill, in the County of Warwick; and the other,

passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Wilford being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the lload from "the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, near " Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rijing, at the Top of Edge in the County "of Warwick sand the other, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Ahnaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of , in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wtlberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Charlotta Bethel/, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of near the

Boundary between Ejke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk,over Skipton Bridge, through Balder Pax, to BalderjbyGate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the

Way to Ripon, and through Quernhow, and

NoferfielJ, by Well FlajhesGale, to Masham, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there*

Vol. 56.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Rufon Parva, otherwise Little in the East

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, -and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill/be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Goddafd reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of ManningfordBruce, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Falconer, Doctor in Divinity, on Behalf of himself and others. Mortgagees of the Tolls granted and continued by Two Acts, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chef.er,was referred; That the Commitec had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to repost the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle in to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of

Northwich,

Ruflon Parva Inclosure Bill* committed.

Langtoft Inclosure Bill, committed.

Manningford Bruce Inclo* sure Bill, reported.

Spann Smithy and Northwich Roads Petition, reported.

North Wooten, Sc c. Drainage Bill piled.

Mr. William Dundas to carry Glasgow Roads Bill to the Lords.

Volckers Nat. Bill, committed.

Wigtown Roads Bitff committed.

556 £ Mail. i8ot.

Northwick, in the County Palatine of; also, an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His> present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said recited Act, were read: And,

Mr. Nicholas Ainsworth being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution; and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, now the Property of the Petitioner and others; which Money is still due and owing, together with a large Arrear of Interest, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann , in the Township of Elton, through the Town of , and by

Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford , and from

Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwick, in the County Palatine of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pilton, West Pennard, and several other

Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset,was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 17. 1. 13. To leave out from "Ground," to "and," in 1.15.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes or Chapelries of NorthWooton, Pilton, West Pennard, Barton

Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glaston Saint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcot, Moor I inch, -

colt, Chilton, Edington, Cojftngton

East Brent, South Brent, Mark, IVedmore, Meare, Burn-

" Wigtownand for the more effectually amending,

altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglas, and Glenluce,to Portpatrick, and from thence, by Stranraer, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan-, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. McDowall, Mr. William Dundas, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to vfcrp«tfcW Order, a Bill for Enlarging the Term and Powers of Two BiiLpcfcnted. Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Wilton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, 0id Hurst In-certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, ciofure Bill, Commons, and Commonable Places, withinyfhe Parish p*ffe4* . of Old Hurst,in the County of Huntingdon, was read the

Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 6. To leave out " hereinbefore," and insert " herein " instead thereof.

1. 7. To leave out from "levied" to "And," in 1. 10.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Housej and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain1 Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

ham Badgworth Biddi/ham Chapel Alston, Were, Pm-Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry to the

Pafet, Wookey, and the Out Panlh of Saint Cuthbertl^s the ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act,

in Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads

branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glas- Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the

Sir Robert Buxton to carry BiJl to amend Workmens Combination A ft, to the Lords.

gtiled in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the eign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof," as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further westmanfide

~~ ‘ ~ Inclosure Bill,

passed.

gow, and leading over GarngadHill to and to

the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Win the County of Berks, called Westmanfide, ex-for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Vblckers, was read a Second cept such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, S\r John, William Anderson, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 18th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of

Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that the Allotment to the Lords of the Manor shall not be less than One-twentieth of the Residue of the Waste.

And

_ »o jgle

And the said Clause was Thrice lead j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bdl dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve* rally, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea* dows. Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanfide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Pox Mead, or dington Mead.

Ordered, That Mr. Eflcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report on triaidstone Gaol Petition* further couriered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration;

And the said Report was again read*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Repeat be adjourned till this Day Six Months}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

14;

22.

Tellers for the Yeas* Sj

I Mr. Strutt 1 S

Tellers for the Noes *Sir Geary, >

J ellers for the iNoes, Mr . $

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase " a convenient Piece of Ground for building aGaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division " towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired; and for empowering the Justices of the Peace lor the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special General Sessions, for the Purpose of making a fair and equal County Rate for the said County; and for regulating the Expenditure of the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir William Geary and Mr . Blackburneof Lancashire do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Dunkefweii A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Inclosure Bill, Commons and Watle Lands, within the Parish of committed. Dunkefweii,in the County of Devon, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William E/ford, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Guideford A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-tommitted' larging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 31 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Gulde/ord, to the Directing Post near the Town of ham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jollifft, General Norton, &c: And they are to meet this Voi. 56.

(alii

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the {Speaker's Chamber.

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Inlereft is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Bergk Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, and H'olveflon, in the County of Norfolk-, which Bill

was, upon the 27th Day of April lasty reported from th6-Committee, to whom the same had been committed; .

Mr. William Dundas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent* as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fir.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Public Notaries i And that Mr. Luf/ingion, Mr. Carry, Mri Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General} and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare} and bring in* the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His prel'ent* Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the " Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England, u and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly }

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to fconsider of so much of the said Act as relates to the diverting, turning, or flopping up, any Public Highway, Bridle Way, or Foot Way; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Jolliffci Si?1 Matthew White Ridley, Sir Francis Sir Williant

Mor daunt Milner, Sir Robert Buxton, Sir Francis Sykes, Lord William RuJJ'tll, Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Robfou, Mr. Porter, Mr. Hob house. Sir William Heathcote, General Norton, General Walpole, General De Lancey; Mr. Shaw Lefevre; and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock} in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made, upon Friday last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,-when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tire Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. William Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House,whom the Bill to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, was committed, the Amend* ments which the Committee had made to the BiJ), and which they had directed him to report to the

4 Y House i

King's Consent to Bergjh. Apton* doAlre Bill;

kotariet Bill* ordered 4

Committee appointed oA General High-way Act.

Committee on Motion fora Bill to exempt Irish Member*, from certaiiT Duties.

Bill to amend

Scotch

Militia Acts, reported*

35 8 5 0 Maii* 1801.

House; and he read the Repojt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

added*1* Ordered, That Mr. Corry, Mr. Mr. Edward

' Committee. Lee, an<^ Mr. Bond,be added to the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration what additional Orders, and what other Regulations, it may be proper to make relative to the Proceedings of this House in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Aflj for grant- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the lad

Dutfes inlre Session the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act land, to be " for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-considered. " cessors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied " by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp " Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the " last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting " Duties to His Majesty," might Be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ashforgrant- The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last tiesinTrSand* Session *he P^iament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act

to bc'consider- M to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Fortieth d — Game " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Licence*. for gating to His Majesty, His Heirs and

" Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be " levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp " Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for " granting Duties to His Majesty," might be read. '

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

AfHforgnint- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last ti« ha'rciand, Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An to be confi- " Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-dcredv — Hat*, k ceflors> several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts " of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for " granting Duties to His Majesty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Acts respect. Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, " An VrFiifnd^to be " Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- considered.

" ceflors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage " and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within " this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March "One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts " of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for " granting Duties to His Majesty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Billrefpe£in$ Reading of the Bill for repealing the several Acts ^als>dcfer* now in Force, for preventing the Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Mailers of Ships, to advance the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coalswithin the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lime house Hole, in the County of Middlesex,a.nd within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the.Parish of Saint Andrew, Ho/born, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from Elephant on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to 'r*port exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question lererally put thereupon, were agreed to by ihe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ba ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Tytke Lease* Reading of the Bill to enable the Clergy to let Leases of netted?"1 their Tythe, for a limited Period, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing, for a Time to be Bill respeaing limited, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops, at a like Duty as is payable in Great sand^pa^d.

Britain

Britain for the fame, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation into Ireland of and Foreign Hops, at a

like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Carry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Irish Spirit* . The Bill (now ingossed) for repealing the Duty upon Putjea Bill, Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, was,

according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon such Spirits in lieu thereof, and on such Spirits made in Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lord.s, and desire their Concurrence.

Billrefpffling The Bill (now ingossed) for enabling the Lord Lieu-

?onE&c°*of *enant> or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Corn from Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of wd to ire- Corn or Potatoes, and to permit the Importation into , paile . Ireland of Corn and Fish without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have a died for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland] to prohibit, for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of Six Weeks~from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit, for such limited Time, the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Bay, for the Second Milith Adju-Reading of the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time j^sBiU0W" to be limited* so much of an Act, made in the 39th committed, and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors,-and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the-laid Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Act for afeer-39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on 0fSug|r,toC " Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed bj considered. " in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be " warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average " Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of " Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allow-

" ing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the " Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and One," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly 5

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Dickins, itc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

UmicyU Mat, Bill, committed. '

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for better Payment of Fines F<nesan(j and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in Forfeiture* England',be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MDitia Pay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bui, com- Reading of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay

"utted' and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year ►One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia Subal- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second tem* Allow- Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain tomikted. Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 56.

Mercurii, 6° die Mail;

Anno 41* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons exercising the

Trade of Butchers, within the County of Hotting- Petition of ham, and the Town and County of the Town of Notting- '

ham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ad Year of the Reign of King fames the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto :.

And praying, That the said Act may be repealed; or that such Alterations or Amendments may be made therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

A. 1801.

Petition of Tanners* &c.

Mansfield Roads Bill, committed*

Dartford Roads Petition, reported.

Kent Street Roads Petitions, reportr ed.

3 (Jo 6° Malt.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Sadlers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting Surrey, and for other Purposes; and also, the Petition of artd using of Leather, in the Town and Neighbourhood the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto iub-of North AHerton, in the County of York, was presented leribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present repairing the Road from the Stones End in Kent Street,

Mjyefty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which other Roads, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, other Purposes, were severally referred; That the Com-and of considerable Advantage to the Public in generah mittee had examined, and found that the Standing And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed. Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the been complied with, in respect to the fkft-mentioned Table. Petition; and it appeared to the Committee, that the

Parties did not intend to proceed upon the last-men-A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two tioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late the Matter of the said first-mentioned Petition, and Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and them, to the House; and he read the Report in his widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of loweth;

Hafiand, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town To prove the Allegations of the said first-mentioned of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Petition, the said Act, passed in the 21st Year of His Derby, was read a Second Time. present Majesty's Reign, was read: And,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Mr. Joseph Martyr being examined, said. That a con-

Coke, Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet siderable Progress has been made in the Execution of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the said Act, but that the said Roads cannot be efiee-Chamber. tually repaired, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term

and Powers thereby granted be further continued and Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to enlarged; and.that it would tend to the Convenience

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names and Safety of Pallengers, if certain Parts of the said are thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for executing Roads were properly guarded, lighted, and watched.-Two Acts, palfed in the ill and 22d Years of His pre- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

sent Majesty's Reign, for enlarging, amending, and main- continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the taining, the Roads from Dartford to Northfieet and Powers, ot an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign GraveJ'end, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from North- of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the feet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End near Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads situate in the was referred; That the Committee had examined, and Counties of Kent and Surrey, in the said Act mentioned; found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to and for more effectually repairing and improving the Turnpike Bills,had been complied with; apd that the said Roads; and for guarding, lighting, and watching,

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, certain Parts thereof: And that Sir William Geary and Sir and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Edward Knatchbull do prepare, and bring in, the fame, ro them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Vokkerj N>t. Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol- whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An re^cd' loweth; viz. Act for naturalizing Henrich Vblckers, was com-: *c'

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-Acts were read: And, gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Mr. William Twopeny being examined, said. That a that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill considerable Progress hath been made in putting the to the House, without any Amendment; and he deii-laid Acts in Execution, and large Sums of Money have vered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table, been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Credit of the Tblls thereby granted; but the said Roads Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to

the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath by the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof agreed to the lame, without any Amendment, altered, amended, and enlarged; and further Tolls authorized to be taken. The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petitioaof

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Landholders, Hop Planters, and others, interested in the ^fepr„a "oa* continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Cultivation, of Hops, in the Counties of Kent and , Commitwf. several Acts, made respectively in the ill and 22d Years which was presented to the House upon the 29th Day of of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfieet, and be again read.

other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, And the same being read accordingly; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward Knatchbull do Consideration of a Committee: And that they4do exa-

prepare, and bring in, the fame. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

appear to them, to the House:

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Sargent, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at are thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for putting in Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Execution an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign have. Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records, of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the #

Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the An ingrafted Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, Sculcoate* Parish of Saint George, Southivai k, to Dartford, and other watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes,

6 and

and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York j

and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments and Obstructions; and for licens-ing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Manner of Payment of the Value of the Estate to be conveyed.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 79.1. 18. To leave out from " Commissioners," to " And," in Pr. 81. 1. 26.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of , in

the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstru<ftions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tliirflc and An ingrafted Bill for continuing and amending Two

skipton" Acts, severally passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of

*iU,gpaffed. h's late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Quern bow, and Noflerfield, by Well Flajhes Gate, to ,in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, until the End of the first Session of Parliament which shall commence after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-two, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg* the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Ainderby, Quern-how, and Noferfeld, to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Rotherham Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Market, ice. to Order,a Bill for enlarging and improving the Market «d.,preen Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the CQunty of and for widening, and rendering more commodious, the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mitford and Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com-jUundiieh mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, ^ported!U°n' wh°fe Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the Hundreds of Mi/ford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk,was referred; That the Committee had examined

Vol.

6t

the Matter of the said Petition, and had difeftod him td report the fame, as it appeared to them; to the House 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and in the County of Norfolk, was read: And,

The Reverend Dixon Hoste, being examined, said.

That, under and by virtue of the Powers given by the said Act, the said Hundreds were incorporated, and Directors and Guardians were appointed and chosen, for the Purpose of carrying the Provisions of the said Act into Execution; that Part of a large House was erected for the Reception of the Poor of the said incorporated Hundreds, and a considerable Debt was incurred in building and furnishing the fame; that in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, a certain fixed Annual Payment or Contribution was charged upon each of the Parishes within the said Hundreds, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences incurred in erecting the said House, and for the Support and Employment of the Poor maintained therein; that the said Act has, under the Experience of upwards of Twenty Years, been found very inadequate to its profefied Object, the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: That the Average Annual Payments, imposed and fixed by the said Act upon the said Parishes, are in many Instancesy and in a high Degree, disproportionate to the manifest Injury of several of the said Parishes: That in Addition to the Mortey originally borrowed, a further Debt, to a considerable Amount, has been unavoidably incurred in the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said incorporated Hundreds; and that the Annual Contributions imposed under the said Act, are inadequate to the Purpose of keeping down the Interest of the Debt, and defraying the ordinary Expences of the House, and of supplying the Poor with temporary Relief out of the House: That the said incorporated Hundreds comprize Fifty Parishes, many of which are large and populous, and that from various Errors and Defects in the present System of Management established by the said Act, the Situation of the Poor maintained in the said House is in many Relpefts improper, and that the Children brought up therein become of little or no use to the Community; and the Condition of the labouring Poor residing in the said Hundreds, and endeavouring to maintain themselves and Families by their Labour, is rendered in many Respects miserable and wretched, no Discrimination being made between the worthy and industrious, and the idle and profligate, nor any Encouragement held out to Perseverance in Habits of Sobriety and honest Industry. — And the Witness further said, That it is necessary some effectual Measures should be speedily taken to remedy the Inconveniences and Mischiefs already prevailing, and to provide for the further and better Relief, Support, and Management of the Poor, within the said incorporated Hundreds; and that for this Purpose, it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Act should be repealed, and other Regulations substituted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Milford " and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk:1' And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr,

AJlley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- rcp^ed‘ ;l',j tituled, An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Pre- parted, mises in King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk (being an Estate devised by the Will of William Langley, deceased, in strict Settlement) in Trustees, to be Ibid.and

4 2. conyeyed

6 Mail

Report on recommitted Petition for Provision in Croydon and Rotherhithe Canal Bill-

362 6* Mail 1801.

conveyed to Samuel Baker, Esquire, artd his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now stand limited under and by virtue of the said Will) was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord William Rujfell reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Subscribers to the Expence of making the Canal and other Works thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, the intended Variation not being proposed till lately; and that the said Variation is of about the Length of 91 Chains, and will pass for the Length of about 80 Chains through the Lands of Persons who areconsenting thereto, and the Remainder of the Line of Deviation will pass through the Lands of Persons who are neuter in respect to the fame, and the said Line will be considerably shorter than that first proposed, will be more convenient to the Public, and will not pass through any other Parish than what is comprized in the Notices of the Application for the present Bill; and that the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Petition, which was presented to the House on the 18th Day of February last,praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf\in the Town of Rotherhithe, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, was read; and the said Bill now pending in the House, was also rekd: Then,

Mr. John Rennie, Engineer, being examined, said, That a Part of the Line in which the said Canal was proposed to be made, when the said Petition and Bill was presented, being objected to by certain of the Land Owners concerned, the Petitioners have caused a new Stirvey thereof to be taken; by which it appears, that the same may be varied so as to render it more convenient for the Public, and to the said Land Owners, by deviating from the Direction described on the Plan annexed to the said Petition, by departing from the former Line of the Canal in a Field belonging to Mr. Drake, and in the Occupation of Thomas Fentiman, and thence passing through Land belonging to Christ's Hospital, and in the Occupation of James Hawkins-, a Paddock, Lawn, or Field, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of Timothy Stansfield, Esquire, and a House and Garden in the Occupation of Francis Ca/lis; then eroding the Turnpike Road, and pa fling 1

through Land, Buildings, and Gardens, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupations of Wil~

Ham Green, Jeremiah Jackman, Moses Stainbrook, William Pampleton, Rebecca Faulkner, and Ralph Say, certain Garden Grounds belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Robert Edmona certain Field belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Thomas Hambley, certain Fields belonging to Elizabeth Fane, and in the Occupation of the said Thomas,

and certain Fields belonging to the Bridge House, the Trustees of Croydon Parish Estates, and the said Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of John Hollcombe, where it again joins the former Line of Canal.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whorft ExeterNari-the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ^"reported, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the -Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Cartwright, Engineer, being examined, said, That the improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, in the County of Devon, from the Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the said County, by cutting, making, and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Baiuns, Refcrvoirs, and other necessary Works, and deepening and widening such Parts of the River Exe and Creedy, as shall be found necessary for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in, to, and through the Parish of Saint David, in the City and County of Exeter, and the several Parishes of Saint Thomas the Apojlle, Upton Pyne, Newton Saint Cyres, and Crediton, in the said County of Devon, will facilitate the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from the City of Exeter to Crediton aforesaid, and the several Parishes and Places through or near which the said Canal will pais; and will also cause the Improvement of that Part of the said County, by the easy and cheap Conveyance of Coals, Manure, See. and will be of great public Advantage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy as shall be necessary for that Purpose: And that Mr. Praed and Sir William E/ford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Manningford Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open ®rr"cjji]"fl0' and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the paired. Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. PenruddockeWyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fyner reported from the Committee, to whom Aftibv Inclo-the Petition of John Julius Angerfein, Esquire, Lord of f!ire>& ,;Pe*

the Manor and Soke of Kirtott in ,in the County of Lincoln, of which the Town ship of Ashbv, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the same County, is Part and Parcel, and of William Clarke, John Clarke, and others, Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, at it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Brown being examined, said, That the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed tin small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, and some Parts thereof frequently overflowed with Water, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors thereof, or otherwise incapable of much Improvement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby,in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Sir Gilbert Heathcote do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

beeping, A Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

j£Sag« Md* Deeping, Crowland, LangtBaston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, Indofpre Bill, and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kef even

tonumtted. antj Holland,in the County of Lincoln; and also for

draining certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland; and also for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preferring the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pierrepout, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

West Deeping A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ton heiofure Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and Bill, com- other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and mitted. belonging to the several Parishes of Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

PortGla/gow Mr. McDowall reported from the Committee, to

ttionsre-'" wh°m the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and ported! Town Council, of the City of for themselves,

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, and also, the Petition of the Magistrates and Trustees of the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said Towns, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Vol. 56.

Act, passed in the 12th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Port Glasgow; for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, leading into, and going out of the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read: And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Funds arising from the Duties authorized to be collected by the said Act, have proved insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, insomuch that the Debt due to the Petitioners has been gradually increasing for many Years, and is likely to continue so to do, Unless the said Funds be increased, by adding to the said Harbour Duties; that notwithstanding the Improvements which have been made under the Authority of the said A«ft, there is (till a very great want of Accommodation for the Ships and Vessels referring to the said Harbour, owing to the small Extent of Docks, and likewise great Inconvenience has arisen to the Merchants and Ship Owners for want of Warehouses, which render additional Works absolutely necessary for the Trade of the said City and Town; that these Accommodations and Conveniences cannot be obtained without great additional Expence, which the Petitioners are willing to defray, on Condition of their being authorized to borrow a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Duties: And it will be necessary, for the Accommodation of the Trade, that Cranes and Sheds should be erected for discharging, loading, covering, and weighing, the Goods imported into, and exported from, the said Harbour; and that certain Cranage and Shed Dues.

should be levied for those Accommodations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, altering, and amending an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And that Mr.

McDowall and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jones reported from the Committee, to whom the Wrexham and Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, reported, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin and Denbigh, all in the County of Denbigh, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, (except that the last of the Notices was not published in the Newspaper till the 3d Day of October last); and that the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table 1 Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Comvay, and from the Town of Wrex-

ham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, and the Town and Port of Rhyddlan, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Roads were divided into several Divisions, and one, being the Road from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, was called " The Third Division of Roads;" also an Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the (ante related to the said Third Division, was read: And,

Mr. William Ellis being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the said Third Division, have proceeded to put the fame

in

i8of«

Emlfy's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Birmingham Paving, &c. Bill, polled.

Oulliam Bridge Roads Bill, reported.

6° Mali.

in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Division of Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, i9 continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended: That the Road, or Roads, leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Corwett to

Llanrwfi, at or near a certain House or Place called

Cernioge-mawr, in the Parish of Llantifydd, in the said County of Denbigh, is and are very much out of Repair, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it will be a great Accommodation to all Persons living near, or having Occasion to pass along the said Road, or Roads, if the same were made Turnpike, and Part of the said Third District or Division of Roads, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the said District or Division.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Jones reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 1 able.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jones do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 9th and 13th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets tlitre, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating 1 lackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir George Avgujlus William Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Vansittart reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bili for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, palfed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping ih Repair such Part of the Roads, described in the said Act of the 28 th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Cul-ham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. i

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. George Vansittart presented to' the House, accord- iWbworfh ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for execut- Pernio* ing an Act, passed in the 13 th Year of the Reign of for Yaxley His present Majesty, for the more effectually drainingand Cr>uuafie-preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That by virtue of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby appointed were empowered to borrow the Sum of^. 1,400, for making, carrying on, and preserving, the said Works of Drainage, upon the Credit of the Taxes imposed by the said Act j and that the said Sum of fi. 1,400 hath accordingly been borrowed and expended by the said Commissioners in the Execution of the said Act, and an Engine and other Works were erected, for the Purpose of draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and the Money so borrowed and expended, now remains due and unpaid; and that, on or about the 1 ith Day of April last, the said Drainage Engine was accidentally destroyed by Fire, by means whereof the several Works are become useless, and of no Effect, and the Lands of the Petitioners, and several other Persons, lying within the Boundary of the said Drainage, are exposed, and become liable to be overflowed, and rendered unproductive, until another Drainage Engine shall be erected; and that the re-building and erecting such Engine will beat-tended with a considerable Expence, which the Petitioners are totally unable to defray, unless they shall be authorized to raile an additional Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the said Accident from Fire happened after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, and the Delay of postponing their Application for Relief to another Session of Parliament will be productive of great Lois and Injury to the Petitioners, and the other Owners of Estates adjoining to the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds: And therefore praying, That the House will permit a Petition to be presented for the Purposes before mentioned, not-, withstanding the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills has elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- Leave cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as defined.

Then


Petition, pre-' fentccL

lUpertdrt^ Promulgation bf Statutes, referred to a Committee of &e whole House.

Finn and Forfeitures . Bill, com-

Bill to prevent Fferfons in Holy Orders fittinr in the House of Commons, ordered.

Committee on Militia Pay Bill.

Committee on Militia Subalterns JUlow-mcesfiill.

41 Geo. III. 6° Mail 3H

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Natries are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the 13 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectually draining and preserving certain Fell Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of on

Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fellowes, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fead for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Ordered, That, the Report which, upon the *8th Day of April last, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to consider of the raoft effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the United Kingdom throughout all Parts of Great Britain and be referred

to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, to* Consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Doubts, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir William , Mr. Bond, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the"Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, Ypl. 56.

to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, 1^d*

upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be BiiuW* limited, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the jJ^MembeM Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred from certain to consider of the Motion made, upon Friday last, That or* Leave be given be given to bring in a Bill to exempt, n for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties,such Members of both Houses of Parliament,serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and , without Payment of Duty, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and without

Payment of Duty.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be ‘given to bring in a Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty:

And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Nicholas Vanjittartdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uhvin^the*" to consider of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years Average Pnc* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act £fr^u'* de*

" to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported,

" granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of " His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plan*

tation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of " an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign

5 A ' "of

A. 1801.

6° Mali.

" of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining " the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback, on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, " until the Tenth Day of One thousand Eight " hundred and One," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House jV stamp*11*" *° re *ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dutiet in Ire- to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the land. Parliament oi Ireland, intituled, "An Act for gran t-

" ing to-'His Majesty, His Heirs, and Succefl'ors, several " Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Dutiesand also of $n Ad, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty," be now read.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Acts.

" to His Majesty, His Heirs, arid Successors, certain " Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Convey-

ance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until " the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of " the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty," be -now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third oi Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to exempt Ele-pliant Oil, sold by Auction in Great , from the

Duty imposed on such Sales, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Bill to permit solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ?e^"Pe'*0‘ the Bill to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One 't" keepOnT Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being Horsefreeof subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the 38th defcf‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House b^stanf"111* to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties in ire- to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the — GamexT*' ^>ar^ament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to amend ecjice*!* " and explain an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of

" the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for grapting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, " several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the " Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties;" and also of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of ' " the Parliament of Irelfor granting Duties to His Majesty," be. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ingSumpant Tefolve itself into a Committee,of the whole House, Duties in ire- to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the ^.deferred. parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting *' " to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," and also of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and " Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament " of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House inePotbgfin to ref°h'e itself into a Committee of the whole House, trehad,defer- to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Inland, intituled, "An Act for granting 2

General Adeancpresented to the House, according to RoyftonRoife Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and im- S‘u<Presentrf' proving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Twenty-seventh of Inrt> Found-the Resolutions which, upon the 31st Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen "Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-Six Pounds Three " Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Fifteen " Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Foundling " Hospital in Dublin, for the Year 1801."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Cony, Mr. Bragge, and Mr.

Abbot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* and ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole dcfer‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means, lor railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, defer, ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole ,ed' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,

.005 ie

Headington Allotment Bill,presented.

Melton Mowbray and Grantham Road Bill, presented.

Bark way and Reed Division and Allotment Bill, committed.

TicWerton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Maidfrnorton Inclosure Billa reported.

Jovis, 7*;

Anno 41° Georgii. IIIU* Regis* 18 o I. Prayers.

MR. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures; Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, according, to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

- Resolved,-That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within 4he Parishes of Barkway and in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging; and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep-walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Plumer, &c.c And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Ticklerton, within the Parish of-Eaton, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidfrnorton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End,in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their Consent to the leaving out one of the Commissioners therein named, (except the Proprietors of 54 Acres and Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 99 Acres and 5! Yard Lands, who were, neuter; and that the Whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 635 Acres, and the Number of Yard Lands are 39; and that no Person appeared before the.Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a'Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingmlPed.

Vol. 56.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy as shall be necessary for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill For amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government o'f the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire,in the County of York, and

within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the City of Exeter, and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Simon Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Subscribers to the Expence of making the Canal, and other Works thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rotkerhithe, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norivood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for varying the Line of the said Canal, by making the same from a Field belonging to Mr. Drake, and in the Occupation of Thomas timan, and thence passing through Land belonging to

Chris's

Exeter Navigation Bill, presented.

HallaTnshire Cutlers Bill, presented.

Petition of Tinners, &c*

Stanground Inclosure, See. re-committed Bill, reported*

tnftm&ion foe Provision in Croydon and Rotherhithe Canal Bill.

A. 1801.

368 7° .

ChriJTs Hospital, and in the Occupation of Jk/ww kins; a Paddock, Lawn, or Field, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of Timothy Stansfield, El'quire, and a House and Garden in the Occupation of Francis Cal/is; then eroding the Turnpike Road, and passing through Land, Buildings, and Gardens, belonging to the Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupations of Jeremiah

Jackman, Mojes Stahihrook, William Rebecca

Faulkner, and Ralph Say, certain Garden Grounds belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Robert Edmonds, a certain Field belonging to the said Company, and in the Occupation of Thomas Hambley, certain Fields belonging to Elizabeth Vane, and in the Occupation of the said Thomas Hambley, and certain Fields belonging to the ' Bridge House, the Trustees of Croydon Parish Estates, and the said Haberdashers Company, and in the Occupation of John Hollcome, there to join the former Line of the said Canal.

Lyford Inclo- Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according fented.'1'pre* *° Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hatiney, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shrewsbury Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according Roads Bill, to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and

presented. enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aftby inclo- Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or-ftntedill,pre ^er> a for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining,

*n ‘ embanking, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oowhnd Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to

Dniinige jnd Order, a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a prci'emcci ^Common called Crozeland Common, or and

certain Open Half Y car's Meadow, Commonable, and Waste Grounds, called and Fodder Lots, in,

adjoining, or near to, the Township of Crozdand, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fbAjefrdir The House was moved, That the Order, made upon B°nhamiic. the 18th Day of March last, that Leave be given to Jncioiure Bin, bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Uncharged. Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several

other Perl'ons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Proprietors of Estates in Little Bytha and Careby, in the County of Lincoln, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the Persons interested in the said several Parishes were delirous that the Lands in the Parish of Careby should not be included in the said Bill;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to the Parish of Careby, be discharged.

Hifton and . General Adeane presented to the House, according to impi'tgt«n Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the prdemcJ. 1 ' Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Histon Saint Andrew and Hijion Saint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburue of Lancashire reported from the Com- Sharpies and mittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, Merchants, Land Owners, Traders, and Manu- ported. facturers, and others, living in, and near to, the Town*

ships of Bolton-in the-Moors, Sharpies, Withnel, and Hogh-

ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edmund Haworth being examined, said* That the Road leading from The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in Sharpies aforesaid (at which Place it terminates in the Road from Bolton aforesaid to in the said County, being about One Mile from the former Place) to or near Brindle Lane End, otherwise Stoole Lane End, in Hoghton aforesaid (where it forms a Junction with the Road from Blackburn aforesaid, to Preston, in the said County) being 14 computed Miles, and upwards, is very circuitous and indirect, by Reason of the many Windings and Turnings therein, and also is in very bad Repair: That there is not any other eligible Road from the Town of Bolton or Sharpies aforesaid, to Brindle Lane End aforesaid, without going Three Miles about; in which Road there are several steep Hills, feme of which rife Seven Inches at a Yard, and the said Road is in many Places lb narrow, bad, and founderous, that Carts and Carriages cannot pass without much Difficulty; and that the same Road is capable of being diverted in a much more direct Line, and Ihortened, so that the same will not be more than Ten Miles and Three Quarters betwixt the said Place in Sharpies aforesaid, called The Lamb , or Fletcher's Public House, and Brindle Lane End, in Hoghton aforesaid, and will be Three Miles nearer that Way, from the Town of Bolton aforesaid to Preston aforesaid, than the present old Road; and likewise, the said intended new Road will be of very great Advantage and Utility to the Country through which it paifes, the greatest Part thereof being barren and uncultivated, and very much in Want of a good Road.

— That the said Road may also be made so that the greatest Part will not rife more than One Inch at a Yard, other Parts not more than One Inch and a Half, and others not more than Two Inches and a Half, and that only a very short Length of the last- ' mentioned Rife, which will be much more level and easy than the present old Roads from the said Place in Sharpies to Brindle Lane End aforesaid, and also than the present old Road from Bolton to Preston aforesaid, as well as being considerably shorter, as before-mentioned; but the same cannot be effectually diverted, made, repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being, to the Danger and Loss of Time of Passengers, and to the Prejudice of Trade and Agriculture in general, and especially of the Cotton Manufactures carried on in the said Towns. —

And the Witness being further examined, said, That the said Manufactures, and also Agriculture, would be greatly increased, extended, and encouraged, if the said Road was diverted, made, amended, and repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from The Inn, otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bo/tou-in the-Moors, to, or near to, Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End,

in

little Stoughton Inclosure Bill, reported.

Rve Harbour

additional

Petition.

Bathwick living, &c. Petition, re ported.

in the Township of Hoghtonin the Parish of,

all in the County Palatine of And that Mr.

Blackburtte of Lancashire, and Mr. ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.10. 14J. Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at 7. 45. who could not be found; and also, except the Owner of an Estate assessed at £.9. who declared himself neuter; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are assessed to the Land Tax at^.np. 4$. per Annum; and that no Person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill ;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for improving and preserving the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made Application to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to levy certain Duties on Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and that the Powers with which, the Petitioners are inverted are not sufficient to enable them effectually to maintain, improve, and preserve the said Harbour: And therefore

Jgraying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill or granting further and other Powers to the Petitioners for the above Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for repairing and improving the old Harbour of Rye, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir James Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses, or Ilefidents, within the Parish of Bathwick, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; except that the last of the Notices was not published in the Newspapers till the ad of October; and that the Committee had examined

the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 56.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Salmon being examined, said. That the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, are very . insufficiently paved, fteaned, pitched, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and, for want of a proper and efficient Police, ar$ subject to many Nuisances, Annoyances, Incroachments, and Inconveniencies; that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation of Persons residing in, or reflirting to, the said Parish, if proper Powers were established for paving, (leaning,pitching, cleansing, lighting, watcli-.ing, and regulating the fame, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies, and for establishing a proper and efficient Police therein; and also to licence and regulate a convenient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, to limit their Dif-tances, and fix their Fares, with Rules and Orders for their due Regulation. — And the Witnesss further said. That, in order to provide a Fund towards defraying the Expences of carrying into Execution the several Purposes aforesaid, it is expedient that a Toll should be laid on Carriages and Horses conveying Coal through the said Palish; and that a Penalty be on Persons for bathing naked in the River or Canal, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the a 8th Day of April last, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to consider of the moll effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the United Kingdom throughout all Parts of Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Hotile will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Corry accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, for the more general and speedy Promulgation of the Laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, that His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print not less than 5,500 Copies of every Public General Statute* and 306 Copies of every Public Local and Personal Statute.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print and deliver (or transmit by the Post, or otherwise) so soon as possible after each Bill has received the Royal Assent, the aforesaid Number of 5,500 Copies of each Public General Statute, according to a certain Mode of Distribution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print, and deliver or transmit in like Manner, the aforesaid 306 Copies of each Public Local and Personal Statute, according to a certain Mode of Distribution.

Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Chief Magistrate and Head Officer of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in England and Ireland, and of every Royal Burgh in Scotland, and every

5 B Sheriff,

Committee on Report on Promulgation ot Statutes.

Resolutions

reported*

To be com numicated to the Lords at a Conference.

The Lords have agreed to

Birmingham and Stratford-Roads Bill.

Tiverton Reads Bill.

The Lords have passed

Paas's Nat# Bill.

Committee on Fines and Forfeitures Bill.

37°

f M

jA. I SOI

Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, and Town Clerk, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and receive

ing any such Copies, should preserve them for the Public Use, and transmit them to his Successor in Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, for the Purpose of effectuating the Promulgation of Private Statutes (if the Parties interested therein shall think proper) and also for making Compensation to the Clerk of the Parliaments, and Officers of the House of Lords (in lieu of their Annual Average Emoluments arising from the Office Copies of such Statutes) without bringing any new Charge upon the Public, the Parties interested in every such Statute should make good such Expence and Compensation; and that thereupon such printed Copies of every such Statute should be made judicially admissible in Evidence, by adding thereto a Clause declaring the same to be a Public Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should also be authorized and directed to class the General Statutes, and the Public Local and Personal Statutes of each Session, in separate Volumes, and to number the Chapters of each Class separately; and also, to print One General Title to each Volume, together with a General Table of all the Acts passed in that Session.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, on the Subject of providing more effectual Means for promulgating the Statutes of the Realm throughout all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Ord;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending, and making more effectual. Four several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg;? the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Pans; to which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

2

upon the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Hoilfe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Elford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee*

That they had gone through the Bill, anti made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Elford accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Braggs reported from the Committee, appointed Report F*.

to esquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, P‘rinstm and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Progress, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read* and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 37th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for " securing the Duties payable upon the Import and " Maufacture of Tobacco," which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and ‘which was, by Tw'o Acts, of the 38th and 39th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued; and by an Act of the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 24th Day of June 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 37th Year ot His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee,

" and securing the Duties payable thereon," which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the 24th Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by Three Acts, passed in the 38th, 39th, and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of 1S02, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 37 th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon " Malt," which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End ' of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by Two Acts, of the 38th and 39th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until

the 24th Day of June 1800, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by an Act of the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 38th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to fe- cure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and v on Glass Bottles, made in this Kingdom, and on " Paper printed, painted, or stained in this Kingdom,

" to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and to prevent v Frauds therein," which was to continue in Force until the 25th Day of March 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by Two Acts, of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 38th Year of 1 Iis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to

regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers " of Spirits," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by Two Acts, of the 39th and 40th Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day of September 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " better Collection ot all Duties on Hides and Skins " tanned and drefi'ed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parch-" ment, made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds in * His Majesty's Revenue therein," which was to continue in Force until the 25th Day of March 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in Irelandin the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for better " regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue,

" and for preventing of Frauds therein, and forrepealing an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein," and the several Acts " and Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by the said Act," which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June^iand from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in Ireland in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the " Duties payable on Home-made Spirits," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better regulating the ilfuing and granting of Permits " and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection " of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and * to prevent Frauds by Dealers in, or Retailers of, such VoL. 56,

*f‘ Goods," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Rugn, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of, and securing the Duties,

" payable on Licences to Persons engaged in the " several Trades therein mentioned, and to Hawkers " and Pedlars, and the Duties on Playing Cards, and " for securing the Expences of dillraining for the " King's Rates, and for other Purposes," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " continuing and amending the several Laws for regulating the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine,

" Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail,

" and for preventing the immoderate Ui'e of Spirituous " Liquors," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 13th and 14th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in this " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting Annuities, in Manner therein provided, to such " Persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards railing " a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and " Sixty-five Thousand Pounds," which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued in Force until the 25th Day o i March 1801, is expired, and lit to be revived

and continued.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon certain ^er-'* the Bill to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One tons h<Holy Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being ^ee^One subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the 38th Horse free of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Duty. Limitations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brugge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from rthe Militia Sub-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bin

making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Of- reported, fleers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was committed,

the

J. 1801.

Militia Adjutant«Allowances Bill* reported, and re committed.

Militia Pay Bill, reported.

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Aeb/klcrrcd.

Bill to prevent Prr/ons in Holy Orders fitting in the House Qt'Commons, pre-Tented.

372

Mail

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; a*d, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Doubts, respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Further Con-further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Matthias Koops' Patent Koops, of James Street, in the Parish of Saint de‘

Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on into further Consideration the Report from the Com* BUl^deferred. mittee of the whole House, tp whom the Bill for the ' more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes,

Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Act shall not restrain Persons from making or vending Paper having waived or curved Lines, or other Devices, in the Nature of Water Marks, not having Bar Lines or laying Wire Lines to form the Texture of the new Paper of the Bank, or to resemble the Wire Lines or Bar Lines of the said Paper, or the Water Marks to be used by the Bank.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Abbot reported to the House, That he had, ac- The Lord* cording to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Con- aCoB* ference on the Subject of providing more effectual Means for promulgating the Statutes of the Realm throughout all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, asdefired, and appoint the same Tomorrow, at F'ive of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Painted Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His Average Price present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the of Sufi*rDuties on Sugar and Coflee exported, granted by an " Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be " warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made " in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of " Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on " the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain " Drawbacks on. Sugar exported, until the Tenth " Day of Alay One thousand Eight hundred and One."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account tf Account of Exchequer Bills, issued in consequence buL,'ordered.

of

(oQQgl

373

of a Vote of this House, of the 2zd of 1800, for £.1,400,000, to enable His Majesty to take such Mea-furesas the Exigency of Affairs might require.

Unfunded: Mr. Nicholas Varjittartpresented.to the House, pur-

Debt,&c.pre'-i suant to their Order,

ftnted. ' < An Account of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1801, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the fame; distinguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consisted, and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for; and in what Manner; and what Part thereof, was then unprovided for: Inclosing,

Appendix (A). An Account of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills outstanding the 5th of January 1801: '

Appendix (B. 1). An Account of the Unfunded' Debt of Great and the Demands, out-

standing on the 5th of January 1801, under the ' Heads of Exchequer, Treasury,; distinguishing under each Head respectively the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands confided, and also what Part of the said Debts or-Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was then unprovided for, so far as relates to the Treasury: Appendix (B. 2). An Account of Warrants for Army'Services, due and unpaid on the 5th January 1801, and of Treasury Bills accepted previous to, and on the 5th January 1801, due fub-sequent to that Day, which were unprovided for:

Appendix (C). An Account of Demands for Army Services outstanding on the 25th of December 1800, which have been provided for by several Grants of Parliament; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consisted:

Appendix (D). Statement of the Outstanding Demands of the Barrack Department, on the 31st December 1800:

Appendix (E). An Account of Demands on the Ordnance outstanding on the 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands consist, and also what Part of the said Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for:

Appendix (F). An Account of the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of His Majesty's Navy, and of all Demands outstanding on the 31st 1800; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist: ,

Appendix (G). An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th o 1801; specifying

the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Yolume.

(fct

°. 34*)

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 56.

VeneriSf 8° die Man;

Anno 410 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Butchers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Gosport, and Fareham, in

the County of Southampton: And also,

A Petition of the Butchers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ad Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the Hpufe relating the reto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 33d, 34 th, 35th, 36th, and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by. them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirtyrfixth, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for alta-ing and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the fata Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor j/nd Parish of and the Hamlets of Gavkott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidsmorton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Rickard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Rockwardine, , Kynnerfiey, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeiugton and Sleap, in the Parish of High-Ercall, otherwise Ercall-Magna, in the fame

5 C County:

Petition!! of Butchers.

Grand Junction Canal Bill, passed.

Maidsmorton Inclosure Bill, passed.

Rockwardine, See. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, pretexted.

Mali. A. 1801.

374 8°

County: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fame Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

South w»i- Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom jhrt'and0*0* ^ie Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Drainage Bill, Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack »eported. Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parishes of South Walfham Saint Lawrence, and South Walfham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sam In- £ Bi? for d\vidi"S' Plotting, A5?cl°fi?S> dran§' cioiurc and and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Com-DrainageBtll, mons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of committ . pctter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. AJlley,

Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stndfet incio- Mr. AJlley presented to the House, according to fcnted!U,prt* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradfet, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Greenock A Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the 13th and Police< Bill, 29th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for committed. making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of (Meenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town; and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde; and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyd Alexander, Mr. William &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Skcilow, Sec. Mr. Wilherforcepresented to the House, according to

1 rtfcnted Bll1> Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im-pre en e . proving, the several Open Fields, ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Parish of Owston, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time. 4

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

jrornfia Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

'filmed.Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the p Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and

Waste Lands, within the Township of Hornfea, in the Parish of Hornfea, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the

3

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Molfcroft Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Carr, within the Township prce" of Molfcroft, in the Parish of Saint John of , in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township:

And the same was received;. and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to North Fm-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Com- prelected, mons, and Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Frodingliam, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Snxton In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Carrs, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making streets and a commodious Street from the said Market Place to the Dock Bill,

River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing c0lluuiual* Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Spann SmiAf Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the wjchRoads Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Bill.presentoi. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Ellon, through the Town of wich, and by Spittle Hill, in St ant horn, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of in the County Palatine of Chester:And the same was received; and read th'e First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Hu raw Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Nouft enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 33d Year r0^s Bill, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An prelected.

" Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and,

" turning, the Road from Httrd/ow House, through " Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the " County of Chcfer, to Manchester, in the County of " Lane after, and also the Road from Herneftone Lane " Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le " Frith, all in the said County of De, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester," and for making and repairing a new Branch from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the

Town

Town of Chapel enle Frith aforesaid, to or near to Buxton

aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Winchester Sir Rickard Gamon reported from the Committee, to SlTlPe~ whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Comported! monafty, of the City of in the County of Southampton; and also, another Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of were federally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to- report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House-; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, John Ridding, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Gaol or Bridewell belonging to the said City, has for many Years been much out of Repair, and large Sums of Money have, at different Times, been expended in and about the Repairs of the fame, until at length the same became so ruinous, that the Petitioners, after haring examined skilful Workmen respecting the State of the fame, found that it could not be repaired, so that it might any longer be used with Safety as a Place of Confinement for Persons committing Offences within the Jurisdiction of the said City, without incurring an Expence nearly equal to the Expence of taking down and re-building the same; it was therefore judged expedient wholly to take down the fame, in order that the Materials thereof might be used in erecting and building another Gaol or Bridewell in its Head: That the Expences of taking down and re-building of which, exclusive of the old Materials which have been made use of, will amount to a considerable Sum of Money, and much more than the Petitioners are able to discharge, without the Alii fiance of Parliament, to enable them to xaife a competent Sum of Money for that Purpose, by One or more Rate or Rates upon the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said City. — Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Ridding being further examined, said. That there are Six old Houses or Tenements, situate close to the said Gaol or Bridewell, by the removing and taking down of which, not only much Advantage will be derived to the said new Gaol, but great Convenience will result to the Public by widening the Street, which in its present State is much too narrow: That for this Reason, it having been judged adviseable to remove the said Houses or Tenements, a Meeting of the Inhabitants of the said City has been convened, in consequence of a Requisition made to the Petitioners by the said Inhabitants to take the Measure, into Consideration, when it was unanimously refoived, that the fame, if it could be carried into Effedt, would be of great public Benefit.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Colton, See. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common incioAireBiil, Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Walle comnut e . within the several Parishes of Carlton, Colville,

Oulton, and Kirtley, otherwise in the County of

Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Gamon, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

White Sh«t An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, skfteibu widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road Roads Bill, from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of mdtheThird ^eaij Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftefhury, Milborne , and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in Voi. 56.

the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Tow ns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid, was read the Third

Time.

And the House being informed that some Amendments were intended to be proposed to be made to the said Bill i

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom East and West

the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble f' &" jpeti-Petition of the several other PeiTons, whose Names are tion,' reported, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Owners and Proprietors of Estates having Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hildred being examined, said, That there are certain Trails of Fen Land, Moors, or Marsh Grounds, in the County of Lincoln, called The East and West Fens, containing together 29,348 Acres or thereabouts, whereon His Majesty, in Right of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Lords or Ladies of other Manors, or supposed Manors, claim certain Rights and Privileges: That the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, adjoining to, and in the Neighbourhood of, the said Fens, have, and exercise, certain Rights and Common of Pasture thereon. — And the Witness added, That it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners and others, interested in the said Fens, and of great public Utility, if the same were divided into Parochial, and other Allotments, under proper Rules and Regulations, to be established for the Use and Enjoyment thereof; and if such Parochial, and other Allotments, were subdivided and allotted amongst the several Parties interested therein respectively, and such Subdivisions and Allotments inclosed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, t whom East, Wetland the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names Petitioner*- are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ported, others. Owners and Proprietors of Estates having Rights of Common and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the East, West, and Wildmore , in the County of Lincoln, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the several Parishes of Wrangle,

Frijkney, WairifleetSaint Mary s, and Wainfleet All Saints,

in the said County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rennie? Engineer, being examined, said. That there

are

8° Mail.1801.

arc certain Tracts of- Fen Land, Moors, or Marsh Grounds, in the County of , called Phe

West, and WiIdniore Fe, containing together 40,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which are subjed and liable to be overflowed by divers Streams of Upland Waters, and all'o by Downfal and Soakage Waters, occasioned by heavy Rains, by Reason of the level Situation thereof, and are greatly injured by the said Upland, Downfal, and Soakage Waters, not having a proper Passage to the Sea: That certain Parts of the Ellatcs, having Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the said Fens respectively; and also divers Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Wrangle, Fnjb Saint Mary's, and

Wainfteet Ail Saints aforesaid, are subject and liable to be overflowed, and otherwise injured by Downfal and Soakage Waters, as well by Reason of the level Situation of a great Part thereof, as of the Insufficiency of the present Drains and Watercourses to contain and convey those Waters to the Outfal. — And the Witness further laid, That it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners and others, interested in the said Premises, and of great public Utility, if the same were thoroughly drained, which, by divers Levels and Surveys lately taken and made, appear pradicable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Lands called Wildmore Fen, and The West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining the reto: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

inciofiire^Ic" Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

Petition, re- the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble

ported. Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Estates, having Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, on Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Houl'c; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Clitheroe being examined, said, That there is a certain Tract of Fen Land, Moor, or Marsh Ground, in the County of Lincoln, called Wildmore Fen, containing about 10,500 Acres, whereon the Lord of the Manor of ArmtreeWith Wildmore, and the Lord or Ladies of other

Manors, or supposed Manors, claim certain Rights and Privileges; That the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places adjoining to, and in the Neighbourhood of, the said Fen, claim and exercise certain Rights and Common of Pasture thereon. — And he added, That it would be very beneficial to all the Parties interested in the said Fen, and of great public Utility, if the same were divided into Parochial and other Allotments, and proper Rules and Regulations established lor the Use and Enjoyment thereof; or, if such Parochial and other Allotments were lubdivided and allotted amongst the several Parties interested, and such Subdivisions and Allotments incloled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Erdington, Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdin and in ted.' the ParilR of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Sir George AWilliam Shuck-burgh Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Report which was wjeh*'n^{j made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of g||[ ^deiS. the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto tub-feribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin and Denbigh, all in the County of Denbigh, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, -for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road Lading ‘ from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and

Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, and for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the;*

Turnpike Road from Corwento LlanrwJi, at or near a

certain House called Cernioge Mawin the Parish of

Llanyfydd, in the said County: And that Mr. Jones.

and Mr. Williams Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord De Blaquiere reported from the Committee, Rye HaAour to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners re"

for repairing and improving the old Harbour of Rye; and also, another Petition of several of the Commissioners for improving and preserving the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of Svjsex, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had dire died him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Weeden Dawes being examined, laid; That the Funds provided for the Repair and Improvement of the said Harbour are inadequate, and that, if Power was given to the said Commissioners to collect a small Duty on all Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour, it would enable them more effectually to repair and improve the same: Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Dawes being further examined, laid. That the Powers with which the said Commissioners are at present inverted by Parliament, are not l'ufticient to enable them effectually to maintain, improve, and preserve the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye,in the County of And that the Lord De Blaquiere and Sir John Parnell do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Sir Lawrence Palk reported from the Committee, Kentifmoore to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure Bill, a certain Trad; of Common or Waste Land, called Ken- reP°rte<1, tifmoore, within the Manor and Parish of Kentijbeere, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Com- . mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

complied

Everton , Scaft-worth. See. Drainage Petition, reported.

Report on

Laws between Walters and Servants.

41 Geo. III. 8° Mail. . 377

complied with; and that the Committee had examined That it would be beneficial to the Community to apply the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be many of the Provisions and Regulations, contained in true; and that the Parties concerned had given their those Acts, to all Menial and Domestic Servants.

Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

mittee; and that the Committee had gone through That, as Doubts have arisen whether Magistrates have,

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, by Law, any Power to hear and determine Disputes

which they had directed him to report to the House; between Masters and Artificers, Labourers, or other

and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Persons, in Cafes where such Artificers, Labourers, and

wards delivered the Bill, with tl\e Amendments, in other Persons are employed in Talk Work only, or by

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were the Great, it would be expedient to give such Power

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One to Magistrates.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon, wero agreed to by the House. That no such Power should be given to Magistrates to

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be hear and determine any Disputes, Contracts, or Agree-ingrolfed. ments, where the Sum in Dispute shall exceed a Sum

to be limited.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ' the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and OrThat such a Number of Copies of the said others. Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Sc aft worth, the Members of the House.

Gringley on the Hill, Miflerton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Com- Mr. Ef court reported from the Committee, to whom cirenceller mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Or- the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the and Cricklade ders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Sported!'1' complied with; and that the Committee had examined Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of and lie. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of and for

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road was read; and is as followeth; viz. leading from near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid,

Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His pre- was committed; That the Committee had examined the sent Majesty, for more effectually embanking, draining. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tobe true; and preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes or several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Miflerton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Hotting- his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ham, was read: And, Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Mr. John Cartwright being examined, said. That the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Commissioners appointed by the said Act, have pro- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ceeded in the Execution thereof, but the same hath been severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. found insufficient to make an effectual and complete OrdThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be Drainage of the said Low Lands and Grounds; and it ingrossed. is necessary that the Powers and Provisions thereof

should be altered, amended, and enlarged. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Stanton in.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for doling, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, c,l^u" Bil)» altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish e ' of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for of Ellafon, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving. Time.

and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds lying Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Ever- be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Miflerton, and Wal-several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lord-keringham,in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. ship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in Pierrepont, Mr. Simpson, and Mr. Harrison, do prepare, the County of Stafford.

and bring in, the fame. OrdThat Lord Granville Lcvefon Gower do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M r. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the present Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Banbury and existing Laws between Masters and Servants; and also, Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the erefented

to esquire whether any, and what further Provisions and Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 26th ear of 1>Preene*

Amendments may be necessary, to be made thereto; and the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from

House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; " the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, near

and had come to several Resolutions, which they had " Banin the County of to the House called directed him to report to the House; and he read the " The Sun Rising, at the Topol Edge Hill, in the County Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at " of Warwick;" and the other, passed in the 20th Year the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Com- of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the mittee were read; and are as followeth; viz. Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Act: And the same was received; and read the FirftTime.

That the present existing Laws, as far as they are ap- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, piicable to the Power given to Magistrates to settle Disputes between Masters and Servants, are defective, be- A Bill for draining and improving the Common or otmoorDram-caui'e they have, by Construction, been confined to Waste, called Otmoer, within the Township of Berkley,

Servants in Husbandry only. and the-Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the Parish of committed.'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Berkley, in the Parishes of Node and Oddington, the Vol. 56. . 5 D Township

Dover and Hythe Roads Bill, reported and re-committed.

Nottingham Road Bill, pretented.

Cardiff, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

378 8 0 Mali.A. 1801.

Township of Charlton, and the Hamlets of Fencott and Moorcott, in the Parish of Chin the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or tome or one of them, and for dividing and setting out specific Parts thereof for the several Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets, respectively, and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, or interested therein, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and ' altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham

Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff , in , through Folkstone, to the Town in the County of Kent, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of the County of Kent, and of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, of the adjoining Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing the Turnpike Road from Dover to Hythe, in the County of Kent; and also of several of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Dover, and the Town of Folkestone, in the said County, and of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, of the adjoining Neighbourhood; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ^re thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees for several Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of £.2,100. of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Road from Dover, through the Town of Folkestone, to the Town of Hythf, in the County of Kent, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had also examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir William Lowther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, pafl'ed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of 'Nottingham, to "The Boiv/ing Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton-, and for more effectually repairing the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names ot The Great and Little Heaths, otherwise Mwynydd, Bwchan, and WainDyval, lying within the several Parishes of Saint John the in Cardiff, Lan-

daff Whitchurch, Roath, and Lanifhen, in the County of Glamorgan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Evelyn James Stuart, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Nine Elms, to the Turnpike Road leading through the Town of Wandsworth; also, the Road from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road over Wandsworth Common, to the Turnpike Road leading through Tooting; and also, the Road from the said Turnpike Road, leading through the said Town of Wandsworth, through , Garratt Lane, to the Turnpike Road at Lower Tooting, in the said County of Surrey.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair; the Roads leading from Elms, to the Turnpike Road leading through the Town of Wandsworth; also, the Road from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, over Wandsworth Common, to the Turnpike Road leading through Tooting-, and also, the Road from the said Turnpike Road leading through the said Town of Wandsworth, through Garratt Lane, to the Turnpike Road at Lozver Tooting, in the said County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Edmund Cartwright was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing: And that Mr. Spencer Stanhope and Sir William Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last {that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Papers therein mentioned. might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty: And that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the several Roads thereinafter mentioned, in the County of G/ouceJier,was referred; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

Member added to bring in Surrey Roads Bill.

Bill presented.

Cartwright't Patent Bill, ordered.

Answer to Address, relative to Grenada Papers.

Horsley and ‘ Dudley Roads Petition, reported.

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Act, passed in the 20th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and maintaining a Road from 27/tups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike

Road leading from Cirencester to , at or near

Dudbridge, in the Parish of and from the

Bridge at Nailfzvorik, in the Parish of to Min-

chinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, was read: And,

Mr. 'Thomas Croome being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are Hill due and owing, andcannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions altered, and other Powers granted, and the Tolls increased. — And the Witness further said, That the Part of the Road which leads from the Bridge at Nai/fivorth, by and

Iron Mill Hill, as in the said Act particularly mentioned, is found very incommodious, and it would be an Accommodation to the Neighbourhood and the Public, if the same were altered so as to pass by a Place called Forveood and Trap End Gate, to the West End of the Town of Minchinhampton; and that the Road leading from out of the Road from Tiltups Inn to Dudbridge, at or near the Bridge at Nailfwor to Minchinhampton, is

very deep and incommodious, and it would be more convenient, if, instead thereof, a Road was made to lead out of the said Road from Tiltups Inn to Dudbridge, at or near a Place called Little Britain, and to pass near Saint Chloes School, to, or near to, a Place called Amberley Bank, upon Minchinhampton Common, with a Branch therefrom to Saint Chloes Green, also on the said Common.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at in the

Parish of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, and for altering some Parts of the said Roads: And that the Marcjuis ot W and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that the Names of the Commissioners were not inserted in the Bill for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called Saint Thomas's Leas, other wise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Ben and Saint Mary the Leys, in the Town of Cambridge, which Bill was, upon the 27th Day of April last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

The House was moved, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses, or Residents, within the Parish of Bathwick, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, (leaning, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset-, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstruc-Vol. 56.

tions, and for establishing a proper and efieftive Police there; and forlicenling and regulating Hackney Coaches,

Chairs, Porters, Balket Men, and Balket Women, within the said Parish of Bathwick: And that Sir James Pulteney, Sir William Pulteney, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame:

Ordered, That the several Petitions which were pre- Petitions fented to this House upon the 17th Day of April last, civcntTyEPoor and the ill and 4th Days of this Instant May, respecting Bill, referred., the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Coachmakers, Petition of Shoemakers, and Sadlers, and others, concerned in the Tanners, &c. cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying that the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to Thurso Har-whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, bour p*t,tion> and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Thurso, was re- reporte ' ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at ' the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Y our Committee, That the Petitioners have long suffered thegreateft Inconvenience from the want of a proper Harbour: That it would tend greatly to the Safety and Protection of Vessels navigating the North Sea, to have a commodious Harbour at Thurso-, and the same would also essentially contribute to the Improvement of the Fisheries on the Northern Coasts of the Kingdom, as well as promote, encourage, and extend the growing Trade and Manu-fastures of the said Town, and adjacent Country'.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at Thurso, in the County of Caithness:And that Sir John Sinclair and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Petition of the chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, was pre- Turkc^Com-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the CavetoVre-Petitioners, having been prevented from presenting a fcntaPeti-Petition to the House for Assistance to enable them to tion‘ support their necessary Expences, in consequence of their not having received His Majesty's Consent before the Time appointed for receiving private Petitions, therefore pray. That the House will give them Leave to present a Petition for that Purpose.

Ordered, That, in Considerat ion of the particular Cir- Leave given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then, a Petition of the Governor and Company of Petition pre. Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, feuted-being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty,

haying

House resolves ro adjourn to Monday.

East India Accounts, or* dered.

380 80 Maii. A. 1801*

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants^incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on this Trade with Safety, and protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary, that an Ambassador, or Public Minister, should be sent from England to reside at j

and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, with proper Officers, and Servants, should be -established in other Parts of

Turkey, where British Subjects reside, and where the

English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence of which has been borne by the Company, which, together with other Expences incident to carrying on this Trade, have, of late Years, amounted to about

8,000. per Annum; and that the Petitioners feel it incumbent on them to represent, that the House, which has always been appropriated for the Reception of His Majesty's Ambassadors at The Porte, is fallen to Decay, ?nd it will be necessary to cause a new one to be built, in case it should be thought expedient to provide a permanent Residence for a Public Officer of so much Consequence; a Measur which muff be left to the Wisdom of Parliament, and, if adopted, will necessarily be attended with considerable Expence; and that the Petitioners acknowledge, with Gratitude, the Grants they have frequently received; but they are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice which they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves asTrustees), if they did not declare their present Inability to defray so heavy a Charge, and to support their Establishments in

Turkey, without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take these Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Companion of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties for the Year 1799-1800; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office for the same Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of from the

Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1799-1800, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for the Year 1799-1800, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madra, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the

latest

latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Amount of the Expences of the island of Saint; and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ill May 1800 to 30th April 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-flract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ill May 1800 to 30th April x 801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ill May 1800 to 30th April 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ill May 1800 to 30th April 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the East Indies on the 30th of April 1800; the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between 30th April 1799 and ill May 1800, agreeable to the Court's Orders of 25th June 1793. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from lft May 1799 to 30th April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from tft 99 to 30th

April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of th z Bombay Government, from ift May 1799 to 30th April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and and at the

Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Factory at Canton, by the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1799-1800; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Annual Account, made up to the 1 ft Day of March 1801, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain -, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of

Vol, 56,

the same for the Current Year; and a Statetnent of their Bond Debts, and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such interest; and the State of Galli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain, and afloat.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) on the ill March 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales from ill March 1800 to tft March 1801.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the East India Directors of the East India Company, attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from Benares and under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Colleiftions,

Benares Revenue; Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Years; according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orijj'a, and in Benares and Oude; distinguish-

ing the same under the respective Heads of Civil,

Judicial, Military and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties for the Year 1799-1800, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office for the same Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India ‘Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tan]ore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the F.ajl India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements

5 E subordinate

A. 1801

8° Mail

subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Colledions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of &c. Land

Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1799-1800, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also, '

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of,

and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1799-1800, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at , and at

Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (A.) An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (B.) Amount of the Expences of the Wand of Saint Helena, and Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1800 to 30th April 1S01: And also,

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the Probable'Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1800 to 30th April 1801: And also,

N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bom Government, from ift May 1800 to 30th April 1801: And also,

N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1800 to 30th April 1801: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond, and other Debts, owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, on the 30th April 1800, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, 4nd the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also, t

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India between 30th April 1799 and ift May 1800, agreeable to Court's Orders of 25th June 1793:

And also, .

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1799 to 30th April 1800: And also,

N° 19. Abstract; Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1799 to 30th April 1800: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from lil

1799 to 30th April 1800: And also,

N° 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Fadory at Canton, at the Conclusion of the Year 1799-1800: And also,

N® 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1799-1800; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency, not added to the Invoice:

And also,

N® 23. Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of March 1801, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Ample Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects, appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat: And also,

N° 24. An Account of the Stock per Computation of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on the ift March 1801: And also,

N° 25. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from ift March

1800 to ift March 1801.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be fuflicienC for the Use of the Members of the Iloufc.

The said Accounts and Papers respectively marked N° 11 to N° 22 inclusive, and also N° 24 and N° 25, are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session; and those marked N® 1 to N° 10 (B) inclusive, and also No. 25, arc inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 33.)

The Time being come for the Conference with the Committee Lords, upon the Subject of providing more effectual Means for promulgating the Statutes of the Realm Conference, throughout all Parts of the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

.And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wallace, Mr.

Mr. french, Mr. Bagree!I, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Baker, Mr.

Pierrepont, Sir John Parnell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ogle, Mr. William Dundas, and Mr. Vandeleure.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the Resolutions of Printed Copy the House, of Yesterday, relating thereto, be commu- "obe'e-omm^ nicated to the Lords at the said Conference. nicated.

'Then

4i Geo. III. 8° M383

Then the Names of the Managers were called over: And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Conference Mr. Secretary at War reported, That the Managers KPorted- had been at the Conference, which was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Earl of Rofslyn: And that the Managers had communicated to their Lord-ftiips the said Resolutions; and desired the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto; and had left with their Lordships a Copy of the fame.

Bill to present Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second hoh otdor* Reading of the Bill to prevent Doubts respecting the fitting in the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the Houie of Com- House of Commons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

have agreed to Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill for Im- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A(5t

portation of for niaking Provision for the Entry and Return

Kice from the p . , n ^.

Eait indies Voyages or certain Ships which may import Rice or

into Ireland, other Grain from the and to authorize the

Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies; without any Amendment: And also,

Surrey and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill ^th*1 ^or makinS an<^ ma'nta*n*ng a Navigable Canal from the

Amendments. River Thames, at or near a Place called Gun

Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, to a certain Place called The Lower Wanderings, in the Parish of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent', with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Wandsworth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Railway, &c. for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town Amendments. of Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carfhalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Highgate and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hampstead to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to anAmen<L,th the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the went. Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of an Act,

made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render " more effectual, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and " Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable " the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road " from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the f‘ Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is " by the said Act directed to be under the Care and " Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said " new Road, near Queen's Rous to Bagnigge and

Vol. 56.

" for watching, lighting* and watering the said Roads;* with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ®^h(ord^ For dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the ^th Amend-' Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other men». Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belch-ford, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Sotby Inclo-for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands* within the Parish of Sot by, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Select Committee, who keport re-were appointed to consider of so much of the Fourth [dd by irioT Article of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, Member*, as enacts. That no greater Number of Members than Twenty, holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be capable of fitting in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, until an Act shall have passed in the said Parliament, providing in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be incapable of being Members of the said House of Commons; and to consider in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be declared to be liable to such Incapacity; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them re*-ferred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth) viz.

Your Committee having proceeded to consider the several Matters to them referred, have thought it incumbent upon them, in the First Place, to look into the several Laws, whereby Persons have been heretofore disqualified from fitting in the House of Commons of the respective Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland.

Upon this Research, it has appeared to Your Committee, That several Laws of this Nature were enacted, for securing the Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons of England antecedently to the Union with Scotland-, and that many Acts for the same Purposes have been passed in the Parliament of Great Britain from that Period. In Ireland, the First Laws of this Nature were passed in the Reign of His present Majesty; the most comprehensive of them was enacted within a very few Years past, and has been since extended to other Cafes, which, although not falling within the express Terms of it, were considered to be within the same Rule of Policy; but the Laws respecting the Parliament of Ireland, are manifestly much more circumscribed in their Operation than those which have been made, for the same Purposes, as applicable to the Parliament of Great Britain.

With a View therefore to fulfil the particular Duty required of Y our Committee, and to lay the Foundation for a new Law, declaring in what Cafes any Persons holding Offices of Profit, under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of fitting in the House of Commons of the United Parliament, it has appeared to Your Committee, that it would be adviseable to establish a Similarity of System upon this Subject, in both Parts of the United Kingdom, so far as Circum-llances will allow; and that all Offices in Ireland, of the same Description as those which have disqualified the Persons who held them from being elected to' serve as

Members

384 8° Mail*1801.

Members of the House of Corftmons of Great Britain, should also disable any Persons, who hold them, from being elected to serve in the United Parliament. And Your Committee have accordingly prepared a List of all such Offices, as have appeared to them to be of that Description; submitting, nevertheless, to the Wisdom of the House, the Propriety of adding to, or excepting the reout, any such Offices, as, from peculiar Circumstances of Policy ( or local Convenience, it may be thought beneficial for the Public Service to consider as fit Cafes for departing from that Principle of Conformity, which Your Committee have judged to be the best general Line for the Government of their own Opinion upon this Subject.

Your Committee have therefore come to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the Difiblution, or other Determination of this present Parliament, no Person who shall, by himself or his Deputy, or any other in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, take, hold, enjoy, or execute, or continue to hold, enjoy, or execute any of the Offices, Employments, or Places of Profit herein after mentioned, in or for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, should be capable of being elected or chosen a Member of, or of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons of any Parliament of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in any Parliament which shall hereafter be summoned and holden; that is to say;

No Person who shall be a Commissioner of Customs, Excise, or Stamps, or who shall be concerned directly or indirectly in the farming, collecting, or managing any of the Sums of Money, Duties, or other Aids heretofore granted, or which shall hereafter be granted by any Act of Parliament to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors; (except the Commissioners of the Treasury and their Secretary);

Nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner for determining Appeals concerning the said Duties of Customs, Excise, and Stamps, or for controuling or auditing the Account of the said Duties; (except the Auditor General of the Exchequer);

Nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner of Im-prest Accounts j

Nor any Agent for any Regiment;

Nor any Person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any Person whatsoever in Trust for him, or for his Use or Benefit, or on his Account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy, or continue to execute, hold, or enjoy, in the Whole or in Part, any Contraft, Agreement, or Commission, made or entered into, under or from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea-fuTy in Ireland, or with any One or more of such Commissioners, or with any other Person or Persons whatsoever, for or on Account of the Public Service in Ireland, or who shall knowingly and willingly furnish or provide, in pursuance of any such Agreement, Contraft, or Commission, which he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any Money to be remitted Abroad, or any Wares or Merchandize to be used or employed in the Service of the Public, during the Time that he shall execute, hold, or enjoy any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or any Part or Share thereof, or any Benefit or Emolument arising from the same j (except Persons who shall be Members of any incorporated Trading Company now existing or established in Ireland, and confiding of more than Ten Persons, so far as relates to any Contraft, Agreement, or Commission, which now is, or shall or may hereafter be made, entered into, or accepted, by such Company, in its Corporate Capacity, for the general Benefit of such Incorporation or Company);

Nor any Deputies or Clerks in any of the several Offices following j that is to say j the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury; (except the Secretary of the Treasury); or of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or of the Tellers of the Exchequer, or of the Chancellor of the Exchequer; (except the Secretary of the Chancellor of Exchequer); or of the Commissioners of the Stamps, or of the Commissioners of Appeals;

Nor any Person who shall have in his own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons in Trust for him, or his Benefit, any Office or Place of Profit, either immediately or directly under the Crown, or from or by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any other Appointment, subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices, or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, created or eroded at any Time after the passing of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for securing the " Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons, by excluding therefrom Persons holding any " Offices under the Crown to be hereafter created, or " holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Penfions for Terms or Years, or during His Majesty's " Pleasure."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That nothing in the preceding Resolution should extend, or be construed to extend, or relate to, or exclude any Person having or holding any Office, Place, or Employment for Life, or for so long as he shall behave himself well in his Office, other than and except all Persons concerned in the managing, collecting, or farming of the said Duties, or of any Sums of Money, Duties, or other Aids granted, or to be granted to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, and Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Accounts of the Sums of Money levied in several of the Counties of Ireland, at the Spring and Summer Affiz.es (or the Year 1800, viz.; in the Counties of

Antrim, Armagh, Carlow, Cavan, Clare, Cork, and the City of Cork, Donegal, Down, and the Town of Drogheda, Dublin, and the City of Dublin, Fermanagh, Galway, Kerry, Kildare, and King's County, Kilkenny, and the City of Kilkenny, Leitrim, Limerick, and the City of Limerick, City and County of Londonderry, Counties of Longford, Louth, Maxo, Meath, Monaghan, and Queen's County, Rcfconwion, Sligo, Tipperary, Tyrone, and the City of IValerford, Wexford, and

Wicklow.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Sir William Elford presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the

Accounts of Money levied in Counties in Ireland, presented.

Apptndix

(No. 36.)

Bankers Notes Bill, predated.

Further Consideration of Report on Koops' Patent Petition, deferred.

8° Mail

3 $5

the Committee, to whom the Petition of Matthias Koops, of James Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, in the County of , Gentleman,

was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being'read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Bill to permit Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ceminPerson* Reac|ing of the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit Persons to keep One'S in Holy Orders to keep One Horse only for the Pur-Horse free of pQfe Qf Riding, without being subject to the Duty ty,pa e granted by an Act of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One Horse only for the Purpose of Riding without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Beporton Act Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Jcenalning Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-Priceof Sugar, ferred to consider of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee " exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtyninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused } for " reviving lb much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to " the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of " May One thousand Eight hundred and One," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the said Act should be continued and amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr Mr. Nicholas Van-

Jittart, and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bank Notes Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Bill, passed. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more effec-

tually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 4. 1. 29. After " already" to insert " lawfully." 1. 31. After " be" to insert " now."

1. 32. To leave out " issued," and insert " re-issued," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,- An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Baifingbome and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and *

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of BaJJingborne, in the County of Cambridge (except within that Part of the said Parish which lies in the Hamlet of Kneejworth) was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee 0* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an Act, made in the last Session of stamp Dutie* the Parliament of Ireland,intituled, "An Act for grant- in ire/and,

" ing to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several de erre *

" Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties," and also of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the Par- Stamp Duties liament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to amend and " explain an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Game LiReign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for cences*

" granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, '

" several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the " Commissioners for managing the Stamp Dutiesand also of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of " the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His f( Majesty;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the Par- stamp Duties liament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties Hats. *"*

" therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners " for managing the Stamp Duties;" and also of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ing pmuge ia consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the Par- Ireland, <ie-liament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting to ferrcd‘

" His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties " and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all " Letters and Packets within this Kingdom ;" and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth " Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and " Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament " of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty;"

s F Resolved,

A. 1801*

386 8° — 11 M

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Kingdom of Great and Ireland called Scotland,

next, resolve itself into the said Committee* be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means, defer* ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply, defer- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Further Con- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into

R^OTtonEx ^urt*ier Consideration the Report which was made from pi ring1 Laws* the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are ex-deferred. pired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Militia Subalterns Allowances Bill, deterred.

Militia Adjutants Allowances Bill, deterred.

Militia Pay Bill, passed*

Inllruction for Piovilion in Irish Foundling lloipital Bill,

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management " of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin,'* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Twenty-seventhof the Resolutions which,upon the 31 ft Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for amending the said Act.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Scotch Si Ordered, That an ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts Acts,deferred. for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 11* die Maii;

Anno 41* Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

SIR William Heathcote reported from the Committee, PoDhamLu* to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of reported.* his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 2d,

5th, and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of , and from the said City, through Hursley, to Ford,

and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called 'TheHundred, at Romsey, through Chihvorth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned '

in the cutting and using of leather, in the Town of port, and adjacent Places: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Towns of Portsmouth, Portsea, and adjacent Places: And also,

A Petition of the Dealers in Leather, resident in Weymouth and its Vicinity;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston be added to the Gentle- Memberxdded men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to bring in pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several *

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Headington the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Allotment

p uni, com-

ommon mitted.

c.

Hallam/hire Cutlers Bill, ' committed.

Fofs Navigation and Drainage Bill, pitlented.

Watton and Carhrooke In-tlofure Bill, jeefented.

Mitford and Launditch Poor Bill, presented.

Upwell and

Outwell Drainage Bill, reported.

41 Geo. III. 11°

Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the 3 ift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better -Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamfh'tre, in the County of and within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Jundlion of the River " Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of " to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the " North Riding of the County of York, and for draining " and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River Fofs," so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and -brooke, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act:, passed in the 15 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief " and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of " Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. AJUey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill formore effectually drainingand improving certain Fen Lands, within the Manors and Parishes of Upzoelland Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the lfle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be'true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 222 Acres of Land, who refused tofign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of 254 Acres, who were neuter; and also the Proprietors of 375 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained by the Bill consists of 10,914 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Vo l 56.

Mau. 387

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ah ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the PariftieS of Bergk Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpihgton, and

veston, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Bergk Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington, and in

the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Ajlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors called and

Coniflone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewelland Coniflone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening, and rendering more commodious, the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the WelshGate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Tickler-ton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this After- noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateny, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir

Bergh Aptorfy &c. Inclosur© Bill* passed.

KettJtwell Inclosure Bill*. presented.

Rcftheilianl Market, See* Bill, committed.

Shrewsbury Roads Bill, committed*

Ticklertonln* closure Bill, committed.

Dumfries Roads Bill, reported.

n° Mail.

A \ 1801.

Dart ford Roads Bill, prcicnted.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in the i ft and ft2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Norlhjk'el, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes in

the said Acts mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kent Gaol Sir William Geary presented to the House, according Bill, pre- to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made

rented. in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, of acting for the Western Division of the County of " to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building " a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the " said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the " said Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired; and for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special General Sessions, for the Purpose of making a fair and equal County Rate for the said County; and for regulating the Expenditure of the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tumwood Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, reported*Bl11* to whom the Bijl for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood, otherwise ‘Turnworth, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the . Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of 12 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietor of 15 Acres, who was neuter; and that the Whole of the Land to be inclosed consists of 800 Acres, or thereabouts j and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him tc report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Notice of setting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

KentWhioore An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-incioiUre Bill, doling, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, paikJ. called Kentifmoore, within the Manor and Parish of

tifbeere, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called

within the Manor and Parish of Kentifheere, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Lazvrence Falk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Report, which upon Report on Friday last was made from the Committee, to whom the ^'clidter Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Petitions, City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton; and committed, also, another Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winchester,were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition fw thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parishes of Alberbury, Buttington, and Pool, in the Counties of Roads Bui. Salop and Montgomery, or Proprietors of Estates, within some or one of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the , Town of in the County of Salop-, and Setting forth. That the Road leading from near the Termination of Ten Miles from the said Town of Shrewsbury, on the present Welsh Pool Road, to Buttington, in the County of Montgomery, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the same were altered and made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said additional Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Williams Wynn, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to teverington whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Draina?e KH» Lands and Grounds, in the Pari fir of Leveringlon, and p LeveringtonParfon Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 177 Acres and 2 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 102 Acres 3 Roods and 29 Perches, who were neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of 89 Acres 1 Rood and 35 Perches, who had been applied to by Letter, but had given no Answer; and others who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of 38 Acres 3 Roods and 6 Perches, whose Places of Residence were not known; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained consists of 5,080 Acres 1 Rood and 10 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill,

4i Geo. III.

Ii° Mail.

3 8 9

Kor ft on Roads

Bill, <

ted.

commit-

MiiVon and Impington inclosure Bill, committed.

Edinburgh* Aire Wnt#

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royflon, in the County of Hertford, to Wattdesford , in

the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Hijion Saint Andrew, and Hijion Saint and of

ington, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of , in the room of

the Right honourable Robert , who, finfie his

Election for the said.Shire, hath accepted the Office of Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer,in Scotland.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope be added to the

in Castlecar"8 Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, rock inclosure, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the ®,u- Right honourable Frederick Earl of Carlisle, and the

humble Petition of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Cajllecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland.

Bill presented. Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of within, and Par-

cel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Keene'i E(htc Mr. James Adams reported from the Committee, to JSgZ* whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe, an Infant, to the Uses and upon the Trulls of the Set-Vol. 56.

Cartwright'* Patent Bill, presented*

tlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. James Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Saint r<r« in Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill, Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, pre ent within 'the Parish of Saint Ives,in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Great Chefter-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the {o^ Indofur* Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Walles, Bl ,presente and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Cliejlerford, in the county of:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timei

1

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Little Chester-

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fors inclosure Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Wastes, Bi ,pre enle and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. )Br<ie{l{presented to' the House, according to Or- stony Strat-

a, Bill (for paying, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other ,p public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Gilesand Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing. Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road, or Causeway, from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse,in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge;. and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates, situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calvert on and Hroolvcrton, in the said County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said Improvements: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. EJlcov.rt be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a f^utton"8 Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fe- Courtneyin-veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, cloture Bill, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Waste Lands, and other Estates, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Hick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest Need wood or Chafe of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. aitted. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow 5 G Sevennight,

11" Mail.

A. 1801.

Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fines and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Further Consideration the Report from the Committee

1 ' ‘ of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Hm'and1*1 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the shaftesbury adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the

Shaftesbury A tut. junta j.Liavjing' way

Roads Bill, ingrafted Bill for more effectually amending, widening, deferred. improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of St.

Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House, in the Parish of Nether otherwil'e Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to explain The House was moved. That an Act, made in the HidM^nd 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Skins Acts, Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of an ordered. Act, passed in the Second Year of King James the " First,'as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making " Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying " thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that General Gascoyne, Sir William Mordaunt and Mr. Dent,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Motion reiat- The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

fulenc^of the" Year of V the Re'§n of Kin? Hen)7 the Eighth, in Clergy/with- tituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from having PIu-drawn. raijt)es of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, &c." might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Residence of the Clergy.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A£lt for Re- The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

ieamen?tobe 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-eonfidered. tuled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of " this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Encouragement of " British Mariners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Resolution The House, according to Order, proceeded to take rffpetfing into further Consideration the Report from the Com-

Roads in In« *

mittee, to whom the Report Was re-committed, which cioforeBiu* was made from the Committee appointed to consider of r#-«>nmutt*4. the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out or the altering of public Roads; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And the Resolution of the Committee was read a Second Time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made thereto;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Further Con-further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee,to whom the Petition of Koops, Koopc

of James Street, in the Parish of Margaret, West- Paten^Pfet1'. minster, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was Uon' *,r" referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire semnMur. into the State of the present existing Laws between therconsider* Matters and Servants; and also to enquire whether ed* any, and what further Provisions and Amendments may be necessary to be made thereto; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, the better settling of Disputes between Matters and Workmen, and also between Matters and Millrefles of Families, and menial and domestic Servants: And that Mr. Parker Coke and Sir John William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Thitd Militia Subal-Reading of the ingrafted Bill for making Allowances, "rc"ss 5"°"' in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in paired. Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the 1 hird BUI to amend ~ Scotch Militia

Acts, deferred.

Reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts for Scotch MUm*

railing a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to revive and continue, tants'Aiiow.' for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in n»ce« Bill, the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants,

Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

4i Geo. Ill

i i° Mali

391

tnftruftioa. Ordered*That it be an tnftniftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to amend the said Act.

.. Then the House resolved itself into the said CommitteCk

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Hair Powder The House was moved, That an Act, made in tin;

stadArmorial 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti* Tianster Bill, tuled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty ordered. " on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty " on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for , wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes $ and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred: And that Mr. Nicholas

fittart, Mr. Bragge, and Mr. Addington, do prepare,

and. bring in, the lame.

Landing, of Portugal Wine, to be considered.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused before Payment of Duty, for a Time to be limited.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered . Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made out

BuLeqUer in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *c An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five " Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Eight hundred."

H*- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Y'ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Y'ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " the Y'ear One thousand Eight hundred."

Distribution Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an dwllt? Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 1,400,000.

granted to His Majesty per Act 39-40 Geo. 111. Cap. 109. to enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Sugar Draw- Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac-fcntetb11, pre* cording to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act VOL. 56.

" to repeal the Duties On Sugar and Coffee exported, " granted by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much c‘ of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining " the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; " and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar ex* " ported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand " Eight hundred and OneAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tp-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed;

Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 1,400,000, granted to His Majesty per Act 39-40 Geo. III. j, Cap. 109. to enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exi* gency of Affairs may require: And alfoj

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £.1,395,414. is. being Part of the Sum of£.1,400,-000. granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigency of Affairs may require, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And t.he said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will,upon ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon Thursday last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Tirrie, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be. re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

Air. Jones presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Act:s relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of

Accounts of Distribution of Vote of Credit, presented.

Appekdtx

(N°37->

Ways and Means, deferred*

Supply, deferred.

fcepost on

ExpiringLatfs

re-committ«d.

tV rex ham and Ruthin Raids Bill,presented.

A. 1801.

Sharpies and Bolton Roads Bil^presented*

Cambridge Common Rights Bill, p re fen ted.

Little Staugh-ton Inclosure Bill, passed.

Everton, Scaftworth, Ire. Drainage Bill, presented.

Morpeth Road Bill, committed.

Member added to bring in Castle Froome, &c, Inclosure Bill.

3pa ix0 —

of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; and for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from to,

at or near a certain House, called Cernioge in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackbumc of Lancashire presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bo/ton-in the-Moors, to, or near to, Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of in the Parish of Ltyland, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

: 2° Maii.

and also a certain Meadow called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Pa* rishes of Bishops Froome, Much Cotvarne, and Evejbach, in the said County of Hereford; and also a certain Common Field, called Froomfhill Field, situate in the said several Parishes of Castle Froome and Bishops.

Mr. Robson presented to the House, according to Or- Bin der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford; and also a certain Commbn Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishops Froome, Much Cowame, and Evejbach, in the said County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Annesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called

Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the

Great, Saint Benedict, and Sa Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge: And the same was received j and read the Ffrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Aimejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley-on-the-Hi/l, Mifterton, and in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Martisy 120 die Maii j Anno 41° Georgii IIItiJ Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A BILL to continue the Term, and alter and en- Ticehurstand large the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Hajiu>g»Ken4 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the (cd.* conuiut‘ Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from FlimweH Vent, in the Parish or Ticehurst, in the County of Saftex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commi ted to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord Viscount Folkestone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Staxton in-Arable Fields, Pastures, Carrs, Common and Waste ^^4* 'Lands, within the Township of Sta, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; and also of Lands within the Townships of Binning-ton and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improv- skeiiow, a*. Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late ing, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste inciotureBiii,

Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year Grounds, within the Manor and Township of comm,tte *

of the Reign of His present Majesty,' for repairing the in the Parish of Oivfton, in the West Riding of the

Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through County of York, was read a Second Time.

Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to The High berforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c: And they are to meet

Cross in Elfdon, in the County or Northumberland, was this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's read a Second Time. Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this After- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Hornfea in-noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste

Lands, within the Township of Hornfea, in the Parish of Ordered, That Mr. Robson be added to the Gentle- Hornfea,in the East Riding of the County of York, and men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof; pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township,

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- was read a Second Time.

half of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil*

Commons, Common Fields, and claiming Right of berforce, M And they are to meet Common on Two small Commons, or Waste Lands, in this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford; Chamber.

0 A Bill

Ai Geo. III. ia° Mail. 393

toorth Fro- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Angham in- Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and eommktti. Waste Lands, within the Township of North Froding-ham,in the Parish of , in the East

Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compenfotion in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ber force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Moifcreft in- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

cioftire Bill, Fields, and Common or Carr, within the Township of conum . Molfcroft, in the Parish of Saint John in the

East Riding of the County of York j and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read a Second Time*

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lajcel, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petitions of A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Tfcnners, &. Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Township of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Skinners, Shoe-makers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Borough of Bridgwater, and its Neighbourhood;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying. That . the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie Upon the Table.

feraiffetln- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the cioiUre^BUl, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Strad-ton'"'1 ' Jet, in the County of No, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 1 ft ley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Coutamln- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of tommitted. Coulton, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

rpweil and An ingrossed Bill for more effectually draining and Outwell improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors Blll> and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Wehiey, in the Iile of , and Counties of

Cambridge and Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and

Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' Vo l. 56.

Ordered, That Mr. AJlley be added to the Gentlemen, Memberadded who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- Hotawfifaie, suant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Pe^ &c. inclosuie fons. Whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of Estates in the several Parishes of Holme, Hale, and West Bradenham, in the County of Norjolk.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, t

the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year ciofureand*1" Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; within Drainage Bill, the Parishes of South Waif 1am Saint Lawrence, and South Waljhatn Saint Mary, in the County of Norjolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsi And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walfham Saint Lawrence, and South Waif mm Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fahie.

Ordered, That Mr4 A {I ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Afley presented to the House, according to Holme, Hate, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclol"l<, Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable 1 ,preei‘ Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme, Hale, and Wef Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Afley reported from the Committee, to whorii Mahiftill'ftithe Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Manors, Lands, and Grounds, within, or extending into, the Parish of Mattifiall, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their Consent to the leaving out Four of the Commissioners therein named, and adding Two others instead thereof; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once 1

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Tyne tiridge the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are r>etltl"n>re" thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed in and porte ' by an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the 12th and 19th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over the River 'Tyne, between the Town of Nexvcafle upon Tyne and Gatefield, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over the fame, more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, and Avenues, leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gatefield, in the County of Durham, was referred; That the Committee

5 H had

Rockwardine, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, committed.

Hurd low iloufc and Manchester Roads Kill, committed.

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, and for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Nathaniel Clayton being examined, said, That the Trustees have duly put the said Act in Execution, and have, by the Money arising from the said Tolls, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, widened and enlarged the Street called Bottle Batik, opened a new Street leading therefrom, and completed such other Works as the said Act prescribes, and directs to be carried into Effect: That the Money now remaining due on the Credit of the said Tolls, amounts to the Sum of 8,000. and upwards, and the further Term of Twelve Years, created by the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty, will expire on the 24th Day of June 1803, within which Period the Tolls collected by virtue thereof will not be sufficient to discharge the said Sum of £. 8,000. and the Interest attending the fame. — And the Witness added, That it will materially conduce to the further Convenience of the Public, if the Petitioners were empowered to add to the Stone Bridge, by means of additional Arches of Stone, projected from the Piers thereof, so as to give to the same an increased Width of Twelve Feet, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts,

" of the 12th and 19th Years of His present Majesty's " Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and " completing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne,

" between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and " Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the 4‘ Avenues to, and the Passages over the fame, more " commodious; and for removing and preventing Nui- fances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or " Avenues, leading to the said new Stone Bridge within " the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham;" and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge: And that Mr. Burdon, Sir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. Brandling, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Smalt Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Rockwardine, Eytou, and Waters

Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeingtpnand Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall,otherwise Recall Magna, in the same County,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Hill, Zee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Ttrm, and altering and en- larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,intituled, "An Ad " for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from Hurd/ow House, through Buxton,

" in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County " of Chester,to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster,

" and also the Road from HernejlLane Head, and from

" Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all in the " laid County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at " Whaley, in the said County of and for making

and repairing a new Branch from the said Turnpike 1

Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to, or near to Buxton aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Cholmondeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, -and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann , in the Township of Elton, through the Tow n of Middle-wich, and by Spittle Hill, in Sta, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of in

the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Parker Coke, Zee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their, Conient-to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rates at £.48. 10s. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole Property belonging to Person* interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rates at £.962. 3;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Lowther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Abbs, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

R.efolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to The Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lowther, Lord William Rufj'ell, Zee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

Spann Smithy and Northwich Roads Bill, commuted*

Boughton Inclosure B9* reported.

Leicester and Peterborough Rond Bill,pp* fented.

Nottingham Road Bill, committed*

Crowland Drainage and Inclosure Bill, committed.

Aftby Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition against Ford-liam Inclosure Bill, referred, and Counsel ordered.

' Jfcedwood Forest Inclo-fcjre Bill, transmitted to a St)e& Committee.

Rngby Road Bill, reported.

flllmbridge Inclosure Bill, prelected.

A Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Common, called Crowland Common, or and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The , and Fodder in, adjoining, or near to, the Township of in

the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five. of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of AjLby, in the Parish of ,in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Fyner,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Marquis Townshend,which was presented to the House

upon the 25 th Day of February lait, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Walle Grounds, wfithin the Parish of Fordham, in the County of Cambridge, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Agents or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices'who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon this Day Sevennight, upon the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fore ft or Chafe of Need wood, in the County of Stafford, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Neicbo!ty Lord Granville LevefonGower, And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Legit Keck reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Harborough, in the County of Leicester was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Marquis of Wore eft er presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and Vot. 56.

Mail 395

inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open and Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Slim bridge, in the County of

Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the (

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Marquis of Worcesterpresented to the Horlfe, ac- Horfiey and

cording to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter

11 r ao , . " Roads Bn I,

and enlarge the rowers, of an Act, passed in the 20th presented. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tittups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Ditdbridge,in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth,in the Parish of to Min-

chinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester-, and for altering some Parts of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Banbury and Two Acts, one passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of r^bui his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An committed. , " Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide " Polt, near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun " Rifng, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of - wick" and the other, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, *

for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Denchwcrth Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Lyford indo-mon Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Howard, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Melton larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 20th Year Mowbray and of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and j^d bX maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of «omaiitttd. Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- Newcastle Pi-mittee, to whom the Petition of the Master Pilots and lrt'Pejtlcn' Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, in r'por e the County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

in

Concert fr and Crickhuic Koadt Bill, pa fled.

12

Matt.

A. 1801*

in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol* loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mn Nathaniel Clayton being examined, said, That the Petitioners baVe been for a long Series of Years a Corporation, and have exercised and enjoyed various Powers and Privileges, and particularly the Power of appointing and licensing Pilots for conducting Ships or Vessels, and of erecting, placing) and maintaining Lights, Buoys, and Beacons, in the Port of Newtajlle and River Tyne, and have received and taken divers Rates and Duties in respect of the Charges and Expences attending the Exercise and Performance of such Powers and Privileges, whereby the Trade and Navigation of the said Port and River, and of the Creeks and Members thereof, have been much promoted and increased; but that the Powers of Control over the said Pilots arc insufficient for their effectual Government, and that the Rates and Duties have become inadequate to the increased Expence attending the Ufc and Exercise of the said Powers and Privileges, by means whereof the Petitioners are restrained in the full Use and Exercise of such their Privileges, to the Prejudice of the increasing Trade of the said Port and River. — And the Witness further said, That a Doubt has arisen, whether the Creek or Haven of Holy Island, lying off the Coast of the County of

Northumberland, is a Creek or Member belonging to the said Port of Newcastle, although the Petitioners, at the

Request of the Owners of Ships and Vessels using the Coasting Trade on the East Side of Great Britain, have lately, at a great Expence, erected Beacons there, which have already conduced greatly to the Security of such Ships and Vessels; and it will be further beneficial if such Creek or Haven was declared to be a Creek belonging to the said Port of Newcastle, in so far as to enable the Petitioners to support and maintain Buoys and Beacons, and to appoint and license Pilots for the piloting and conducting Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the said Creek or Haven of Holy Island; and that it will further conduce to the Security and Convenience of Ships and other Vessels retorting to the Port of Newcastle, if the Conservators of the River Tyne were enabled to appoint a Harbour Matter, or Harbour Matters, for the said Port and River, with the necessary Powers incident to the Office of Harbour Matter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Burdon, and Mr. Brandling, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester,to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at in the said County of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Crickladeaforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Y'ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nine- teenth Y car of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Lattoin the said County of Wilts,to the Town Bridge at Cricklade aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Eftcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John WiUittm Anderson reported from the Com- Royal mittee, to vyhom the Bill to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Ajfitrance to allure Vessels, Barges, pany's Bill, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Na- rePorted* vigation, and the Goods, Merchandises, and Effects, laden therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Corporation of ndonBui; The London Ajfitrance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, r£F0rt<d* Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ot'defect, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second 0rifpfor, Se' Reading of the Bill for repealing the several Acts of Bill respea* now in Force for preventing the Combination of Coal ing Coals,dif* Owners, Lightermen, and Matters of Ships, to advance char6e<1, the Price of Coals, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of SaintAndreiv Holborn, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, and within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; and for preventing the Impositions practised on Coalheavers, on the River Thames, by Coal Undertakers;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee 0* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A^s/orR«-to consider of an Act, made in the 3 ill Year of the Reign SMmen"de-of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the fer«d*

" better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdomand also, of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Encouragement of British Mariners; and for other " Purposes therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered,

Hill!

to*

Rrai

deter'

to

H'

Prl

White Sheet Hill and Shaftcibury Roads Bill, deferred.

t>ort Glas^ow Harbour fiill, prefen ted.

The Lords have agreed to

.Sill to amend

Workmens

Combination

Aa.

Greenlaw and lauder Roads Bill.

Drayton In- clomre Bill, with Amendments.

Lords

Amendments to Wandsworth Railway, See. Bill, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill,in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew,in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Mil borne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherboraforesaid, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Me bewail presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port and for

other Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Popham and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent " unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and to substitute otherProvisions in lieu thereof," as relates to the forms of Conviction therein referred to; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to in the County of Durham, tod for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldjream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleajant, in the said Coutlty of Berwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth, to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carjhalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. I.20. After " contained,"insert "Provided " always, that where the said Iron " Railway shall cross any Turnpike " Roads or public Highways, the " Ledge or Flanch of the Railway for " the rurpose of guiding the Wheels " of the Carriages, shall not exceed " One Inch in Height above the Level " of the Road."

Pr. 123.1. 6. After " thereto," insert " in Writing." Vot. 36.

Pr. 123, I.38. After " mentioned," insert " Provided " always, That nothing in this Act " contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to authorize or " enable the said Company of Proprietors to carry a Collateral Branch " extending from the said Railway,

" to the Manufactory of Richard " Howard, near Phipps' Bridge, further " than the said Manufactory."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifftfe his Warrant to HellftonWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Charles Abbot, Esquire, who, lince his EleClion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of the Signet or Privy Seal of Ireland.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the tordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and irhproving, agreed to / the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 5. After "proper/' insert "to hear and " determine the lame."

Pr. 36. 1. i8* After "Seal," insert "with two sufficient Sureties."

I.28. After "them," insert "which said " Parsonage House shall be deemed " and taken to be the Parsonage " House, to all Intents and Purposes " whatsoever, and."

Pr. 46. I. 3 7. After " Guardians," insert " orand in the same Line, and Line 38, leave out " or Agents."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heaihcdedo cariy the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Houi'c hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, gckhford An Act for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, ir.closure Bill, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other *greedto. Commonable and Wrafte Lands, in the Parish of -ford, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 37. After "proper," insert " to hear and " determine the lame."

Pr. 37. 1. 7. After "Seal," insert "with two sufficient Sureties."

I.22. After "them" insert "which said " Parsonage House shall be deemed " and taken to be a Parsonage House,

" to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and."

Pr. 49. 1. 35. After " Guardians," insert " or."

1. 36. Leave out " or Agents."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathccte do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

z 1 hath

Lords

Amendments to Wrellling* worth Inclo sure Bill, agreed to.

Petition of Hop Planters, reported

hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrejllingworth, in the County of Bedford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 12. After " Esquire," insert "the Lord of " the Manor."

Pr. 9. 1. 1. After "Bedford," insert "and for allotting a Part of Hatley , in lieu " of such Parts of the same Field as " are situate in the said Parish of " WreJUingworth"

Pr. i»8. 1. 17. Leave out from "Purpose," to "And," in Line 19.

Pr. 65. 1. 39. Leave out from " fame," to the End of the Clause.

In the Title of the Bill;

1. ult. After " Bedford," insert " and for allotting a Part of Hatley Field, in lieu " of such Parts of the same Field as " are situate in the said Parish of " Wreflingworth."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the said Amendment,' and gave their Content to the said Alteration;

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second of the said Amendments being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House.

The Third of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

And it appearing that the Words proposed to be left out by the said Amendment, which declared that the liefolutions of the Commissioners for the making and setting out the public Roads, should be binding and conclusive to all Parties, were inconsistent with the Provisions of a Clause inserted in a subsequent Part of the Bill, for giving an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, and which were left standing in the Bill by Mistake;

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Amejley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Landholders, Hop Planters, and others, interested in the Cultivation of Hops in the Counties of Kent and Suffix, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Randall being examined, said, That Hops, from the Extent of their Cultivation in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, may be considered as forming the Staple

Commodity of those Counties: That, independent of the Advantage derived to the Revenue, Hops have been admitted to be the most salutary Ingredient in the Bit-tering and Preservation of that useful Beverage, Beer: That the System hitherto adopted, of felling Hops in the private Houses of Factors, has tended to the En-

Maii. A. 1801.

couragement of Monopoly, and, consequently, to the great Injury and Inconvenience of the Public at large j and the Want of a public Market in or near the Metropolis, has long been universally acknowledged: That the Establishment of such Market would, at the same Time that it accelerated the Sale of this Product, the most expensive in its Cultivation of any other Species of Agriculture, essentially promote the Advantage of the Public, by affording a fair and general Competition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable certain Persons to erect a Market for the Sale of Hops, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward Knatchbull, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Dayappointtd to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and main- }"r taining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at Amendment! or near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish to Surrcy of Saint Mary at Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, Cuial to a certain Place called The Lower Wanderings, in the Parish.of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County; and also, divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclo- Turnwood ling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs,

Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood, otherwise Turmvorth, in the County of Dorset, and for

extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of otherwise Turmvorth, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for P°°r Krtumt requiring Returns of Monies 3ffeffed to Relief of the ®,l '° er Poor, severally in the Parishes of England, for and during a Period of Ten Years, ending Easter 1801: And that Sin William Young, Sir Robert Buxton, and the Earl Temple, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fopham and Mr. The Lords Spranger: . have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hemingford for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and InclosureBiUi Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of He-mingford Grey and Hemingford Abbottin the County of Huntingdon-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Balrtwmln-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and ^t|"'enB‘11' Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Amendment. Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balfham, in the County of Cambridge; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Militia Ad-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, so much mitted Bill, of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the reported. Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was rc-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the

4i Geo. Ill

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

399

And the said Order being read accordingly The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker tefumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refoliition; which they had directed Hint to report, when the Houfo will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

12° — 130 Mail.

Accounts re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an WhaleKifhe Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage* ordered. employed in the Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, for the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Seal Skins, and Oil, and Quantity of Head Matter, Oil Blubber, and Whale Fins, caught by, and imported in such Ships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Bounties paid, specifying the several Classes of Ships, and Amount paid to each Ship, and the rel'peftive Ports to which they belong;

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third A»ch Mjlr Reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts for Third Time.e railing a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time;

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that Officers in the Army shall not fit on Courts Martial on Militia Officers or Soldiers; and that Officers of the Militia shall not fit on Courts Martial for the Trial of any Officers or Soldier serving in any other of His Majesty's Forces.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingTofled Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing Officers of the Militia of England, quartered in Scotland, to fit on Courts Martial, in Conjunction with the Officers of the Militia of Scotland.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Order for The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Tyth'e'x^Mfes1' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill, discharg- upon the Bill to enable the Clergy to let Leases of their * Tythe, for a limited Period, under certain Restrictions;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Fines and For- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

R-oorandtted. 'nto further Consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England, was committed.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take p"tenj into further Consideration the Report which was made' Petition, fur-from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mat- ther consider-thias Koops, of James Street, in the Parish of Margaret, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Gen-

tleman, was referred.

And the said Report was again read:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Billordered. more effectually securing to Matthias Koops, Gentleman, and to she Public, the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances, and for enabling him to assign the Benefit of the said Invention to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops: And that Sir William Elford and Mr.

William Adams do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac-' Hair Powder cording to Order, a Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for Transilr Bill* wearing Hair Powder; or using Armorial Bearings, from prelected, the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect -to the said Duties so transferred;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Su^rDratf-Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of back ?'1j* His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the coraraitte " Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an " Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar " to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act,

" made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of " Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and forallovving " certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth " Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 13® die Matt;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ofpoitn' *c* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wine. to consider of allowing Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, before Payment of Duty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

Vol. 56.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Popliam Lane Powers of several Acts, made in the 3 2d Year of J"rdR^^gfj|* the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, pa(rcd.

and

A. 1801.

400 13° Mali.

and the 2d, 5th, and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Lane, to the City

of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swat filing, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second, Fifth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

irdofare" An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing. Bill, patted. ' and otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge,in the Isle of Ely, was read the Third

Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 42. 1. 18. To leave out from " ascertained" to the End of Line 37, and insert " as " aforesaid," instead thereof.

Pr. 43. 1. 7. To leave out from " whatsoever" to the End of the Clause.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dover and Ordered, That Sir John Honywood do make the Re-

Hvthe Roads port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for en-Bii), reported. jarging t]ie Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cow-gate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hythe, in the County of Kent, was recommitted.

Sir John Honyzvood accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Petitions*!' Sadlers^ and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting Tam«:ni>ie* and using of Leather, in the Borough of Warwick, ill the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and County of Huntingdon: And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Cardmakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town of Kendal, in the County of West-morland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read >

Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty'9 Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of contidcrable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying. That the said Act may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the l able.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming winte Sheet the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of bh'att^‘bury the ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, widen- Roads Bin, ing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Palled* the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhaad Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 31. To leave out " Day on which the First

" Meeting of the Trustees shall be " held, as herein after mentioned," and insert " next Monday Three " Weeks after the passing of this " Act," instead thereof.

Pr. 91. 1. 34. To ieave out " immediately on the " passing thereof," and inlert " on " the next Monday Three Weeks after the passing of this Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Hallway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lozver Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Prancis John Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Fanfittart presented to the House, accord- Sutton Courting to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Bi^Snud.

Severalty,

CulhnmB n<!ge Koids Bill, passed.

Petition relative to Notices for Burlledon Bridge, &c.

Lamefley and

lanneia inclolmt Bill, reported.

13° Maii.

401

Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton IVick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, pafl'ed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads, dclcribed in the said Act of the 28th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Cttlham Bridge next to Cttlham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Thrce Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads, described in the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Cu/ham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfteld, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. George Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Burse-don Bridge and Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, pursuant to Leave granted by the House on the ill Day of April last. Notices have been given at the Eafer Quarter Soflions for the County of Southampton, and Three Times in Hampshire Chronicle, of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete the said Bridge and Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it llaall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rcfe, Mr. Shane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, called Blackburn Fell, Burden Moor, Medley Fell, Kibblesworth Common, and Ee'amish liajlJSloor, otherwise Blackburn Fell,

RavenfworthTotal Fields, and Rave:sworth South Pasture, within the Chapelries of Laand or the one of them, in the Parish of Cluster-le-Street, and County of Durham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Bowes 'Earl of

Vo L.

spettingRoada in Inclosure Bills, deferred.

Strathmore, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Couniel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at the Sum of jf. 820. 1 5 s. per Annum,who refused to sign the Bill;

and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £.8,129. 19s. 6d. per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Rel'olut'on re-to consider of the Resolution which was reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, rela-' tive to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out or the altering of public Roads, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pms' Nat for naturalizing Cornelius Paas, was read the First rea"* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Norton reported from the Committee, to Guldeford whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering reported!1'' and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, pafl'ed in the 31st: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford, to the Directing Poll near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, u'ith the Amendments, it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from and Hamp* thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- % act Roa<j* ment, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of Bl ,‘lgree to* an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue,

" and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament " for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Galehouse and Hampfead, and other Roads in the said " Acts mentioned, in the county of ; and

" also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to

5 K " enable

Koops" Patent Bill, prcient-©d.

Mattishall Inclosure Bill,

P«Uit4.

13° Mail N. 1801.

« enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike ltoads " leading to Highgate Gatehouf and and from Saint Giles's Pound to to make a new

« Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgcvoare Road near Paddington, so far as the " same is by the said Act directed to be under the " Care and Management of the Trustees of the said " first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge " Wash; and for watching, lighting, and watering the " said Roads."

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 29. After " contained1" insert " except " such as relate to Exemptions from " Stamp Duties."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the said Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several *( additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

It appeared, that the Exemption from the Payment of Stamp Duties was repealed by the said Act of the 13d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and made no Part of the said Act of the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at the Time of passing the present Bill through this House, so that the said Amendment did not appear necessary; but the House being informed that it had been usual, in similar Cafes, to insert the Words of this Amendment for greater Caution, and no Alteration being made thereby in what was the manifest Intention of this House;

The laid Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainzvaring do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir William E/ford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor more effectually securing to Matthias Koops, Gentleman, and to the Public, the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances; and for enabling him to assign the Benefit of the said Invention to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattishall,in the County of Norfolk, be now read the Third Time;

Nit. William Dim das (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that an Extract of the Award, and the Plan of the Allotment to His Majesty, be made, and transmitted to the Land Revenue Office.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing* allotting* and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands* within the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Aftlep do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hareourlpresented to the House, according to rvimieyfn*

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and Commons, or Commonable Lands* within the Manor of Frim/ey, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according Roum to Order, a Bill for requiring Returns of Monies assessed prd'nt‘ to Relief of the Poor severally in the Parishes of England, for and during a Period of Ten Years, ending Easter One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia Adju. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive and con- anc« b!u, W" tinue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made passed, in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants,

Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the fame-Session of Parliament; and to amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeeo» to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ration of'" to consider of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Seamen. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation and Government of Seamen " employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom*" and also, of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Encouragement of British Mariners; and for " other Pupoles therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move.

That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Acts.

Ordered,

Bankers ' ftctcs Bill, deterred.

Committee appointed to consider of repairing County Bridges.

Report referred.

Parers respecting Gre-rada,present-cd.

41 Geo. III. 13 M403

' %

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Petfons carrying on the Business of Bankers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to confide!* of giving Powers to Justices of the Peace, for the more effectually repairing County Bridgesand to report the lame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the

House:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Granville Lez>efon Gozver, Lord William Sir Dolben,

Lord Fiji'countMorpeth, Mr. Bur don, Mr. Parker Coke,

Mr. Dickinfott, Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. John , Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. George Mr. Banker, Mr.

Bose, Sir John Hollywood, Mr. Bragge; and all the Knights for Shires in the House: And they are to meet To*morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons; Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 30th Day of May 1800, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of giving Powers to Justices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, and who were instructed to consider of the Steps proper to be taken previous to the building of Bridges that are to be deemed County Bridges; and also, to consider of empowering Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions, to alter the Situation of County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads at the Ends thereof, and who were likewise instructed to consider of empowering Justices to direct Actions to be brought, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, for Damages done to County Bridges, County Gaols, Bridewells, and other County Works, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the several other Matters referred to in the said Report.

The Lord Hazvkefbitry presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of the Proclamation issued by His Majesty on the Cefiion of the Leeward Charribbee Islands, by the Treaty of Peace of 1763: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Proclamation issued by His Majesty on the Ccffion of the Bland of Grenada, by the Treaty of Peace in 1783: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Governor Mathew to Lord Sydney, dated Grenada 21st October 17S4; inclosing,

N° 4. The humble Address of the Council and Assembly of Grenada to Lieutenant General Mathew: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Let ter from Lord Sydney to Mr. President Lucas, dated Whitehall, 7th October 1785: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Lord Sydney to Lieutenant General Mathew, dated Whitehall, 19th December 1787: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Lord Sydney to Lieutenant General Mathew, dated Whitehall, 2d January 1/88: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Memorial of sundry Planters _con-nected with the Bland of Grenada, met at the London Tavern, by public Notice, 5th September

1792: And also,

N° 9. Copy of the Memorandum of Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Agent for the Bland of Grenada, dated 8th January 1793: And also.

Vox.. 56.

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Henry Dundas to Mr. President Williams, dated Whitehall, 4th October 1792: And also,

N° 1 x. Copy of aLetter from Mr. President Williams to Lord Sydney, dated Grenada, 27th 1787.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be leferred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Bland of Grenada, is referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to amend several Acts, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morrr-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, before Payment of Duty, for a Time to be limited, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That it is expedient to allow to be landed

and warehoused, before Payment of Duty, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the.whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons;

A Petition of Edz'jard Rufhworth, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has observed, by a Bill printed by Order of the House, that it is therein intended to make all Priests

and

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Acts, deferred.

Committee of Ways and Means*

Report respecting the Landing, See. of Portugal Wine.

Committee on Bill to prevent Persons in Holy Orders fitting in tlio House of Commons.

Petition of Mr. JRulh-worth, against D* Bill.

A. 1801.

4°4

13" M

Instruction.

Supply defer-fcd.

Hair Powder and Armorial Bearings Transfer Bill, deferred.

Sugar Drawback Bill, deferred.

and Deacons, who have been already ordained such, ineligible to fit as Members of the House} and that the Petitioner was, Twenty-one Years ago, ordained a Deacon, but never exercised that Office for above Two Months, and, considering that he was authorized to relinquish that Order, he has for upwards of Twenty Years given up the same accordingly, and was, in October 1780, elected a Member of the House for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wightand took his Seat for that Borough} and that the Petitioner was also, in 1784, elected a Member of the House for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, when a Petition against his Return was presented by John , Esquire,

to the House, upon the foie Point of the Petitioner being ineligible as a Deacon, and which being, pursuant to Law, referred to a Committee, the said Committee unanimously (as the Petitioner has been informed) de-. dared the Petitioner duly elected, who accordingly fat in the House as Member for the said Borough of Newport until the Parliament was dissolved in 1790; and that the Petitioner, considering his Right to be elected a Member of the House fully ascertained by the Decision of the Committee to whom the Petition against him was referred, is greatly alarmed left the same should be destroyed by the passing of the said Bill into a Law: And therefore praying, That the fame, so far as it affects his Right, may not receive the Sandion of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Regulations of the Bill to the Clergy of the Church of Scotland by Law established.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair, of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidev further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all'o, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal " the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by " an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His pre-<s sent Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation " Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an " Ad, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of *' His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the u Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance 4

" of Drawback on the Exportation thereof} and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until " the Tenth Day of JMay One thousand Eight hundred.

" and One}" 1

Resolved,- That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Bill to exempt Order, a Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, Inlh M«n-from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, 1'erving for that Part of prelcntci ' the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, pursuant to their Accounts of Order, . Expenses of

The Particulars of the Account of the Expences of irXnd.'pru the Court of Exchequer, Court of King's Bench, and ftmed* Court of Common Pleas, in Ireland,of which the Totals are express'ed in the Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in Ireland.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this AyaJai Volume. (^'38.)

The House was moved. That the Twenty-third of the Dublin So-Resolutions which, upon the 31st Day of March last, ‘^h'r^iU* were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly} and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, 'That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thou- ,

" sand and Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and " Six Pence Sterling, being Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for promoting " Husbandry, and other useful Arts, for the Year " 1801."

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions which, upon the 14th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly } and are as followeth}

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings " and One Penny Sterling, being TwoThoufand Pounds " Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be

" applied under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant,

" or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for " the Time being, in promoting the Purposes of the " Farming Societies of Ireland, for the Year 1801."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hundred Fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds I Currency, be granted " to His Majesty, to be applied towards completing " additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin " Society, in Hawkins Street, and Botanic Garden at " Glaffnevin, with the Approbation of his Excellency " the Lord Lieutenant."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Corry and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered,

IriA Indemnity Bill, or* dcred.

Soughton In* cloAire Bill, passed.

Thorpe Abbott* Inclosure Bill, reported.

Weavfcrtliorp, &c. Inclosure Bill, presented. *

Report on JLeven Canal re-committed Bill, further' con side red.

41 Geo. III. 130 — 140 Mail

405

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law: And that Mr. Corry and Mr. Hardman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviSf 140 die Maii;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, x 80 1.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Frerereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-tnOns and Waste Lands within the Parish of ‘Thorpe Abbotts, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Helpertkorp, East Lutton, and

West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp,\n the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 5th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Efke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding, was re-committed, and VOL. 56.

which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confederation;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 6th Day of this Instant May, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Frere reported from the Committee, to whom Alburgh, &«. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- sported! monable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of , in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Poor Rates at £. 144. ioj. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at £.46. ior. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 1,453

Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to opposethe Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Frere reported from the Committee, to whom CavenhamTn-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen clo<«re bill. Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within rep° e the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to Croydon whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Rotherhithe Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of

5 L Rotkcrhithe,

40 6

14* Mali.

A. 1801.

Rotherhithe, in the said County, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streathanj, and and the Diftrift

called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, was committed > and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Mill Owners, and Occupiers of Mills and Manufactories on the River in the County of Surrey; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Wharfingers, Lightermen, and others, resident in the Cities of London and West Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, were Severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the first-mentioned Petition; and that no Person appeared on Behalf of the last mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have afiented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Donington Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com-

ortedrC* m*^ee> to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of fVigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question lcverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Kyme Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Corn-

Drainage Bill, mJttee, to whom the Bill to alter, amend, and render

reported. more effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King the Third,

intituled, "An Act for more effectually draining and " preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the " Manor or Townlhipof Kyme, in the County of " Lincoln," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to ' be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 228 Acres 1 Rood and 10 Perches of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 180 Acres 1 Rood and 36 Perches of Land, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be drained consists of 2,069 Acres 3 Roods and 28 Perches of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by, One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Alexander Croke, LL. D. and John Mackaness, Esquire, Proprietors of Lands within the agaUtotmoor Parish of Beckley, in the Counties of Oxford and Buck- Drainage and ingliam, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Inclosureft11-Notice of the Bill for draining and improving the Common or Waste,' called Otmoor, within the Township of Beckley, and the Hamlets of Horton and Sludley, in the Parish of Beckley, In the Parishes of Noke and Oddi no ton, the Township of Charlton, and the Hamlets of Fencott and Moorcott, in the Parish of Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or some or one of them; and for dividing, and setting out, specific Parts thereof for the several Parishes, Townfiiips, and Hamlets, respectively, # and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, or interested therein; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish ,of Beckley, and they find that ' there are several very partial and objectionable Clauses contained in the said Bill; and, if the same should pass into a Law as they now stand, the Petitioners will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interests, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Shoe- Petition of makers, Sadlers, and other Artificers, residing in the Tanners> Borough of Richmond, and the Neighbourhood thereof, concerned in the cutting and uling of Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act: was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general;

And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, divesting, and turning, the Road from Hurdloiv " through Buxton,in the County of Derby, and Stockfort, in the County of Chester, to Mane hefter, in the " County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Herne-

" stone Lane Head and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through " Chapelen le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to " the last mentioned Road at IVha/ey, in the said County " of Chester,"and for making and repairing a new

Branch from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to

or

Petition of Peak Fore (I Canal Company, against Hurdiow House and Manchester Roads Bill*

Aldenham In-doiure Bill, reported.

Brough Roads Petition, re* ported.

41 Geo. III. 14* Mali

401

or near to Buxton aforesaid; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners were, by an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, united into a Company, and were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Mane heft cr to or near Ashton under Lyne and in the County Palatine of at the then intended Aqueduct Bridge in , in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel , in the County of

Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone , Roads from thence to Loadfknozvl within Peak For eft, in

the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester; and that the Petitioners have made considerable Progress in carrying the said Act, and the Powers thereby veiled in them, into Execution, and have nearly completed the said Navigation, and have expended therein very considerable Sums of Money; and that the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced that the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now (lands, will be very injurious to them, and will very materially prejudice tiem in their Property and Interests in the said

Forest Canal: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, a d inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of£.625. who refused to sign the Bill; and all'o, except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value ofjf.164. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole Annual Value of the Property to be affected by the Bill is £.4,686. 7 s.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Notice of setting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Mr. Adair reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in VoL. 36.

Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough Under-Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland,by the End of Appleby Bridge,

to Eamont Bridge, in the said County; and also, an Act, made in the 19th Year of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said former Act, and several other Persons, whole '

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Edward Heelis being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Mortey upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties collected and received by Virtue of the said Acts which have been applied in widening and repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; and that the Term granted by the said Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty, and which was further continued for the Term of Five Years by an Act, made in the 28th Year of his said late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and which was also further continued and enlarged by the said Act of the 19th Year of His present Majesty, is near expiring; and that the Sum of £.2,063. Hill remains due on Mortgage of the said Tolls; that several Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Acts; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, and the said Money be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King.

George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough, under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr. Adair and Mr. Courtenay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, Petition refa-to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of f^Bu-ficdon* Burjledon Bridge and Roads was referred; That the Bridge,&c.re-Committee had examined the Matter of the said Portedi Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Isaac Ga/pine being examined, said. That, pursuant to Leave granted by the House, on the ill Day of last, Notices were given at the Easter Quarter Sessions for the County of Southampton, of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a further Sum of Money, to enable them to complete the said Bridge and Roads: — Then,

Mr. Galpine produced Three printed Newspapers called The Hampshire Chronicle, dated the 13th, 20th, and

27th of April last, wherein the like Notices of Application are inserted, agreeable to the said Leave of the House.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 31 ft Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of

Proprietors

A. 1801.

408 , 140 Mali.

Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill td enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads: And that Mr. George Henry Rose and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lords Ajnend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Sndo?u« Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Bill,agreed to tuled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of B, in the County of Cambridge.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 61. 1. 4. After " satisfied" insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That it " shall and may be lawful to and " for the said Commissioners, and " they are hereby required, at the " Request of the said Samuel " as Plumian ProfetTor as aforesaid, " or his Successors, to fell, and absolutely dispose of to any Person " or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, " so much, and such Part or Parts " of the Lands and Grounds hereby x< intended to be divided and indoled, which shall be allotted to " the said Samuel Vince, as Plumian " Profefforas aforesaid, or his Successors, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be " equal to the Share and Proportion of the said Samuel Vince, or *' of his Successors, of the Charges " and Expences of passing this Act, <c and carrying the same into Execution, and of Fencing the Allotment or Allotments, or the remaining Part or Parts of such " Allotment or Allotments of the " laid Samuel Vince; and in and by "their Award, or any other Instrument in Writing, under their the " said Commissioners Hands and " Seals,to direct, limit, and appoint, " convey, and allure the Lands and " Grounds, so to be sold, to the " U le of the Purchaser, or respec-, " live Purchasers thereof, his, her,

" and their Heirs, and to lign and " give any Receipt or Receipts for " the Purchase Money, or respective " Purchase Monies, which Receipt " or Receipts shall be a good and " sufficient Discharge, or gopd and " sufficient Dischaiges, to such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, " and he. Hie, or they, shall not " afterwards be liable to fee to the " Application of his, her, or their " Purchase Money, or answerable " for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part " thereof; and all and every such " Sale and Sales, Conveyance and " Conveyances, shall be good, bindwig, and effectual in the Law, to " all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any want of Title, in any

K of the Parties, to any such Sale " and Conveyance, or any Defeat of " Form therein notwithstanding."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving certain Leverington Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Leverington, and

Leverington Parson Drove, in the Ille of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Leverington, and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Ille of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration thf Lords Amend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, w^indofure* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Bill, agreed tu. and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 10. In the Interlineation, leave out " the " most Noble," and in the same " Line, after " Diana," insert " commonly called."

1. 11. After " Duchess," insert " Dowager."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Corporation of The Royal E*-

RoyalExchange Ajjtirancetoashire Vessels, Barges, Keels,

Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, pany's Bill, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden Paflei* therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Corporation of Royal Exchange AJJurance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats,

and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Corporation of The London Aflii. London AJJurance to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and paired, the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Corporation of The London AJJurance to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Dumfriw Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateny, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateny, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of

Ayr,

Guldeford Roads Bill, passed.

Dover mi Hythe Roads Bill, passed.

0

Mansfield Roads Billy reported.

41 Geo. III. t4" Mail 409

Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laurie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aningrofled Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two A<5ls, passed in the 31st Year or the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldto the Directing Post near the Town of Farnhamin the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Aifts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford,to the Directing Post near the Town

of Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That General Norton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering^ the Powers, of Two ^6Vs, one nude in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and re* pairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hyin the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hythe, in the County of Kent and for repealing so much thereof, as requires the Trustees therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Arckcliff Fort, in Dover, to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Barker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, GlapwellHeath, and Normenton, and the Liberty

of Hafland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was committed> That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with. the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Di- ^ptr* rections, that there be laid before this House, a Copy Grenada, of the Resolutions of a Meeting of Planters and Merchants of the Island of Grenada, transmitted to Mr. Secretary Dundas, on the 9th January 1793; and also, a Copy of so much of a Letter of Lieutenant General Home to Mr. Secretary Dundas, of 19th June 1793, as relates to the Expence incurred by the Colony of nada on the Fortifications of that Island, from ill nuary 1785 to 31st December 1792.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

General Gascoynepresented to the House, according to Bill to explain

Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present skins Act, Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of an presented.

" Act, passed in the Second Yeat of King James the First,

" as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making " Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the da*

" maging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying " thereof:" and the same was received; And read the First Time.

Resolved, Thtit the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tima upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the Bill to amend adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the Scotch Militia ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts, for raising a Mi- A<as»tiefcrre litia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Read* ing of the said Bill, be further adjourned till To-raorrow Morning. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bankers Note* Reading of the Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons another or, carrying on the Business of Bankers, be now read. dered*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time *

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question $ viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And Notice being taken, That the said Bill contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the same;

The said Motion, and proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof: And that Sir William Elf or d, Mr. Cony, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The Lord Hawkesbury acquainted the House, That he King* Mef-had a Meflaju from His Majesty to this House, signeq by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the the*Queen of House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Mem- Portugal, bers of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, taking into His most serious Consideration the imminent Danger with which the Kingdom of Portugal, the ancient and natural Ally of His Crown, is

5 M threatened

Committee appointed on Law* relating to the Salt Duties*

Bill to prevent

Persons in Holy Orders fitting in the House of Commons, reported.

re-commifted.

fionfjde red.

reported.

410 148 Mali. A. 1801.

threatened by. the Powers now at War with His Majesty, as well as the Importance of the Commercial Relations subsisting between the Two Kingdoms, and relying on the known Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, recommends it to them to consider of empowering His Majesty to afford, by Way of Subsidy, to the Queen of Portugal, such Assistance as may enable her most Faithful Majesty to take such Measures for the Defence of her Dominions against her Enemies, as the Exigencies of Affairs may appear tp require.

6. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to the Salt Duties, and the Means of remedying the Inconveniences arising therefrom; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Mr* Wil-

liam Smith, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Gregor, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Parnell, General Gascoyne, Mr. John , Mr,. Crewe, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Beresford, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Corry, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Hazvkins Broivne, Sir John Callander, the Lord Fincastle, Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Edward Lee, Sir William , the Lord

field, Mr. Fandeleure: And they are to meet To-morow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report, from Time to Tiijie, to the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders, to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed himta report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Thoit such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, re.solved itself into Committee«, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of re-cammmed the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tc-morrow Morning.

Mr. Corry pnefented to the House,according to Order, nift Fount*, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of ^!'» I1"lj^t_ Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and ed.' Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Management, Support, and " Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin;

" and for amending, and further continuing, an Act,

" passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management " of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- an"Means-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Rd'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Stamp Duti* That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for and upon every Contraft,

Bondj or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any Principal Sum not amounting to £.100, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence; and where the Condition shall be forkPayment of any Principal Sum amounting to /.ioo, and not amounting to/.200, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any Principal Sum amounting t0j£"20°> and not amounting to/.500, an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any Principal Sum amounting to /.500, and not amounting to more than /.i,000, an additional Stamp Duty of Fifteen Shillings; and where the Condition shall be for Payment <?f any Principal Sum exceeding /. 1,000, and not exceeding £.1,000, an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any/

Principal Sum amounting to/.2,oooo, and not exceeding Z.5,000, an additional Stamp Duty of One Pound,; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any Sum amounting to, or exceeding /.5,oooo,tan additional Stamp Duty of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is tile Opinion of this Committee, v.

That,

4i Geo. III.

*4

Mail

411

Duties on lulu ranees.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma* . That. there be laid before this House, an

"lefty, there be charged in that Part of the United King- Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer of dom called Ireland, upon every Foreign or Inland Bill of Contributions to Lotteries, granted prior to the Year

" ' 1799; distinguishing each Year.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of American and Florida Orders, made out pursuant to Atts a8th and 30th Geo. III. outstanding and unsatisfied; distinguishing the Amount of such Orders in each Year.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies reserved for particular Services, which have remained in the^ Exchequer fihee the ioth Day of May 1787, and which have not been called for; That", towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are jesty, there be charged in that Part of the United King- reserved. . dom called Ireland, for all Insurances for insuring Ships,

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Danger of, A Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management or other Perils at Sea, where the Sum to be insured shall of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair amount to^.ioo, an additional Duty of Three Shillings Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Com* and Six Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of missioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the ^.100, insured; where the Sum to be insured shall not Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions amount to £. 100, an additional Duty of Three Shillings in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was read a and Six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured shall Second Time.

Exchange, Prqmifl'ory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, where the Sum therein expressed shall exceed £.10, and shall not exceed ,£.30, an additional Stamp Duty of Three Pence; and where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed £.30, and shall not exceed^.x00, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence; and where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed £.100, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling for every £.100, contained therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

AceoUnt*

ordered.

Lotteries.

American and East Florida Orders.

Monies re* served for Services.

stair Powdef and Armorial Bearings Transfer Bill* committed.

exceed £.100, or any progressive Sums of £.100, each, by any fractional Part of^.ioo, an additional Duty, for such fractional Part of £.100, of Three Shillings and Sixpence; where the Premium, or Confederation in the Nature of a Premium, actually and side pfcid, given; or contributed for, shall not exceed the Rale of Ten Shillings; where the Sum so to be insured shall amount to j£.ioo, an additional Duty of One Shilling, and so progressively for every Sum of £.\oo, insured; and where the Sum so to be insured shall not amount to £.100, an additional Duty of One Shilling; and where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed £.100, or any progressive Sums of £.100, each, by any fractional Part of £.100, an additional Duty of One Shilling for such fractional Part of £.100 , the said Duties upon Insurances to be paid by the Persons' assured therein in Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cony, Mr. Mr.

Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Addington, do"prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Portugalwine Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac* jjill,presented. cording to Older, a Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited:

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the " Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an " Ad, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty'sReign,forallowingRr////^Plantation Sugarto " be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made " in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price " of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback ,c on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain ‘‘ Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day " of May One thousand Eight hundred and One

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sugar DrtitV-back Bill, deferred.

Accounts pre-Zcnted.

Duty of 4* per Centum in Leeward Islands.

Pensionj gnnted since *797.

Appendix

(No. 39.)

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the Iloule, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the several Charges upon the Fund arising from the Duties of Four and an Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward; together with the

Dates of the distcrent Charges: And all'o.

An Account of all Pensions granted since the ift of January 1797, with the Names of the Persons to whom granted, and the Amount of each.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Vol. 56.

A Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Bill toexempt Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both' irish Member. Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United DutLs7com-Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional mitted. residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House/ upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from Dunkefwell the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, repo within the Parish of Dunkefwell, in the County of Devon, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and

A. 1801.

Sharpies and Bolton Roads Bill, committed.

Petition from Halifax, &c. respecting the Poor Laws.

Potter

Hexham Inclomre and Drainage Rill, reported.

413 14° — 15° Mali.

find found the fairte to be true; and that the Patties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Maii;

Anno 41° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

AB 1 L L for making and maintaining a Road from 7 ‘heLamb Inn, otherwise House,

in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of tke-Moors, to, or near to, Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of in the

Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of caster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Overseers of the Poor of their respective Townships, situate within the several Parishes of Halifax and Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of several Defects in the Poor Laws respecting the Mode of relieving the Families of Soldiers and Out-Pensioners when called upon to serve; and requesting the House will make such Alterations in the Poor Laws, for the Purpose of affording Relief in the several Cafes mentioned in the said Petition, as shall be deemed most proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the-Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.22. $s per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates affelfed at,f. 33.1 $s. per Annum, who were neuter; and that

the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are assessed to the Land Tax at £.524. iqs..per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dh-eifted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Common Fields, Half Year' or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of and

in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk, 8tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow's, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 20th Yeat of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of A inch eft cr, and from the said City through Bellmonr Lane, to the Top of Stephen sCastle Down, near the Town of

Bishop's IValtham, in the said County, and from the said

City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in the 1 ft and Z2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent-, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Sir Edward KnatchbuH,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, widening, and repairing, the Road from the old Bridge, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chethrough the several Townships of Stockport, Ojferton, and Marple, in the said County, and the Village of Nezv Mills, in the County of Derby, to or near Yhorufet Gate, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from the said Road in the Township of Marple aforesaid, to or new Marple Bridge, in the said County of Chester, and another Branch from or near

ThornfetGate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road in the Township of Disley, in the said County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors called Commons

and Conifrone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Failures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry

Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet

this

Watson and Carbrooke Inclosure Bill, committed.

Saint Ives T*. closure Bill, committed.

Stockbridge and Winchester Roads Bill,present,td.

Dartford Roads Bill, Committed*

Stockport and Marple Bridge Roads BiUjpreicnted,

Kettlewell In* clolure Bill, committed.

Leven Canal, Sill passed.

Weston on the Green Roads Petition, reported.

Exeter Navigation Bill, committed.

North Kyme Drainage Bill* passed.

41 Geo. III.

150 Mail.

413

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Charlotta Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull,at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Ejke and JLeve/t Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling Charlotta Bet hell. Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of near the Boundary

between Ejke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York,to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafrelies do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trufcees of the Turnpike Road leading from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had direifled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 2ill: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, was read: And,

Mr. William Elias Taunton being examined, said, That considerable Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and charged on the Tolls arising on the said Road, lfill remain due and owing; and that such Sums cannot be paid off, nor the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate in the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis AlmaricSpencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Bill for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Ex e,from the public Quay at Exeter, to the

public Road adjoining Four Mills near in the County o \ Devon,by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Ext and Credy, as Until be necessary for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lawrence Palk, Mr. Bafard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to alter, amend, and rcnderTnore effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King the Third, intituled,

" An Act for more effectually draining and preservir.g " certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor Vo l. 56.

" or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lin-'

" coin," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for more effectually draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor " or Township of North Kyme, in the County of " coin

Ordered, That Sir Marlin Browne do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Donington. and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Ulll> Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 1 Sth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widen-.' ing the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wig! oft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolvef That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hate Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Richard Gamon reported from the Committee, to winchester whom the Report was re-committed, which was made Bridewell from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the ported?8'* Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the; City of , chester,in the County of Southampton; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winchester, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving Cities or Towns, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that all the Persons interested in the Hqufes and Premises intended to be made Ule of for the Purpose mentioned in the Petitions had agreed to sell the same; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, JohnRiddingi Esquire, being examined, said, That the Gaol or Bridewell of Winchester has for many Years been much out of Repair; and that large Sums of Money have been expended in the Repairs of the fame: That the said Gaol, having been examined by fkiltul Workmen, it was found that it could be no longer uled with Safety as a Place of Confinement, without incurring an Expence nearly equal to what would re-build the same; it was therefore judged expedient woolly to fake it down, in order that the Materials thereof might be used in erect -ing a new Gaol: That the Expence of taking down and re-building the same will amount to a Sum ot Money' much more than the Petitioners are able to detray, without the Assistance of Parliament to enable them to raise a competent Sum of Money for that Purpose, by one or more Rates upon the Owners and Occupiers ot Messuages. Lands, or Tenements, within the said City:

— Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Ridding being further examined; said. That

5 N by

‘ ^.

Petition? of Tanners, See.

Alburgh, kc. Inclosure JBii paised.

Thorpe Ao» botts inch fare Bill, passed.

Stony Stratford Paving Bill, committed.

4!4

by taking down Six old Houses dole to the said Gaol* not only much Advantage will be derivfed to the said new Gaol, but great Convenience will result to the Public, by widening the Street, which, in its present State is much too narrow: That it having been judged advisable to remove the said Houses, a Meeting of the Inhabitants of the said City has been convened, in consequence of a Requisition made to the Petitioners by the Inhabitants to take this Measure into Consideration, when it was unanimously resolved, that the fame, if it could be carried into Effect, would be of great public Benefit.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers; and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the Town and County of Brecon: And alfoj

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and Coachmakers* of the City of Bath, and its Neighbourhood;

Were severally presented to thS House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of conftdcrable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said A ft.may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wort-well, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wort well, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Frere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe Abbolts, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe Abbotts, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Frere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also, for repairing the Rampart Road, or Causeway, from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge j and like wife for felling certain Charity Estates fifuatc 111 the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the 1 a-riflies of-Calverton and Woolverton,in the said County of

Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said Improvements, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

15° Mail

A. 1801.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Chetzvynd Petition of Earl Talbot, the Right honourable George Lord , and the Right honourable William Lord Bagot, and the against n»i. humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names wood Forest are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and Inclosure BlJ read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest, or Chace, of ,in the County of Stafford-, and Setting forth. That the said Forest, or Chace, is stated by the said Bill to contain 9,400 Acres, and that there are Twenty-two Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Districts, surrounding, or near to, the said Forest, or Chace; and the Owners or Occupiers thereof have Right of Common thereon (that is to say) the Owners or Occupiers of 700 Mefiiiages, or thereabouts, have Right of Common, for each Messuage,

Three Cows, Horses, or other Beasts, called Beajl Gates, and about 250 Cottages, the Occupiers of which have each Right of Common for Two Cows, Horses, or other Beasts, and the Owners or Occupiers of 20,000 Acres of rich Land, bounding the said Forest, or Chace, of the Yearly Value of £. 20,000, or upwards, have, or claim.

Right of Common on the same Forest, or Chace, for One Horse, Cow, or other Beast, culled Beajl Gates, for every /.j a Year of the Rent or Value of such Lands; and that many of the Petitioners have Claims of Timber and Wood from the Forest, or Chace, under ancient Grants, and for Repairs and Eftovers, and other Pur-poi'es, and several of the Petitioners have Manors within, or bounding on, or in, the Neighbourhood of the said Forest, or Chace; and the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor have Common Right thereon; and many Copyhold Estates are held of the said Manors, which have Right of Common on the said Forest, or Chace; but no sufficient or suitable Provision is made itt the said Bill for Allotments of Land in lieu of such Rights, nor for the preserving the Rights of the Lords and Copyholders thereon; and that, from the Form and Amount of the Compensations proposed by the said Bill to be made to His Majesty, in Lieu of His Rights and Interest in, and over the said Forest, the Petitioners conceive those Rights to be misunderstood, or greatly over-rated; and that His Majesty, in Right of the said Duchy, claims the Timber and Underwood as His exclusive Property, which Claim the Petitioners conceive to be not well founded; and that His Majesty, as the Petitioners apprehend, has no Right of Common on the said Forest, or Chace, for Horses, Cows, or other Cattle, except for the Four Lodges within the Four Wards of the Forest; and there are no Sheep fed, or allowed to be depastured or kept thereon; and the Cows, Horses, and other Beasts, actually kept and fed by the Petitioners and the other Commoners, or which they have a Right to keep on the said Forest, or Chace, together with the Deer, are more than lulficient to consume the Whole Herbage thereof; nevertheless, by the said Bill, as it is at present framed, one Moiety only of the said Forest, or Chace, is allotted to the Freeholders and Persons havingRight of Common, and the Residue thereof is supposed to be allotted to His Majesty (subject to an Allotment in Lieu of Tythes, and some other small Deductions) together with all the large Timber growing thereon, and great Part of the rest of the Wood; and that the Petitioners are advised, that such Allotments of Land as are made to the Owners of Common Rights in the said Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets, and Districts, ought to be made to each of those Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Districts, according to the respective Rights appertaining to each District; and that the Payment for laxes and Parish Rates should be aflelied in each of such Districts to which the same Allotments respectively belong; and that Allotments, in Lieu of Tythes, should be made to the Redtors and Vicars of such Parishes and Districts, and" not to the Four Parishes only which are mentioned in the said Bill; yet, the Clergy of the adjoining Parishes,

Townships, or Districts, having Rights of Common on the said Forest, are not mentioned in the said Bill, nor the

Patrons

Petition of Mr. Cooper, against Need-wood Forest Inclosure Bill,

Member dded to oringinThirl-atiII Inclosure Bill*

Charlton Inclosure Bill, reported.

41 Geo. III. 15° 415

Patrons of Seven Re&ories or Livings; and that there are various Objections to other Recitals, Clauses, and Provisoes in the said Bill, which deserve the serious Consideration of the House: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such. Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now {lands.

A Petition of Edward Cooper, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory of Hamjlall Ridware,in the County of

was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in Right of his said Rectory, is entitled to certain Tythes belonging thereto, and to divers Rights of Common on the said Forest, or Chace, of Need-wood, and the Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Parish of Hamjlall have various Rights of Common on the said Forest, or Chace, and no Provision whatever is made for the Petitioner, and his Succefl'ors, in respect thereof; and that the said Bill contains divers Powers and Provisions prejudicial to the Petitioner, and, if the same should pass into a Law as it now llands, would be very injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now llands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Lowther be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill} pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Carlisle, and the humble Petition of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the Manor of Thirlwall, in the Parish of Ha, in the County of

Northumberland.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the! Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie, of do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sported? ' dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commori Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Towri-ship of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was committed.

Mr. Bouverie accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bilb and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except one Proprietor of Estates of the Yearly Value of £. 23, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole Yearly Value of the Estates of the several Proprietors interested in the Inclosure amounts to ,£.697. is. 6 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for veiling, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Cartwright'* Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir William Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. George Henry Rose presented to the House, ac- Burtiedoh cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Bill,|reV«ued. prietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie, of Downlon, do make the Sir W'/ham Lowther presented to the House, according

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, pref4med. ' dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Manor of Fhirlwall, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the Lands, within the Ty thing cf Charlton, in the Manor County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts, W'as and read the First Time.

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bouverie accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor committed, of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the ar>d Parish of Castlecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Barony of in the County of Cumberland, was

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties read a Second Time.

concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee Lowther, Mr. Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers ments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported Chamber, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying ill gai,reported.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Com-

upon, were agreed to by the House. mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great

V o l. 56.

Rye Harbour Bill,prdented.

Brough Roads Biii,presented.

Cti.h-rroome, v\(. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition to amend Hanwortlij&c. Inclosure Act.

416 15° Mail. M. i8ois

si bin* ton, in tile County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Woodley, of Beeches, in the Parish of Brent Pelham, in the County of Hertford, Yeoman, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied , with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Paid Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the adding Two new Commissioners to the Bill, in the room of one of the Commissioners therein named, deceased, (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.18. ior. who refuted to iign the Bill; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £.870. 45.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord De Blacjuiere presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more c lie ft u ally improving and maintaining the old Harbour of in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Adair presented to the House, according to Order; a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of under Stainmore,in the County of Westmorland, by the

End of Appleby Bridge, to Earnout Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Meadow, called Long situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bijhcps Froome, Much Cowarne, and in the

laid County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Howard,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

A Petition of the Moll noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Colkeningion, otherwise Kempton, in the Parish of in the County of Middlefe.r, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing, " allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, " Meadows, and Failures, and other Commonable " Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and " Grounds within the several Parishes of " Feltham, and Sunbury,in the County of Midd/cfex," whereby certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the same into Execution; and that, in the said *

Ad, Edmund Hill, Esquire, is stated to be Lord of the said Manor of Colkeningion,otherwise and that,

by a Clause in the said Ad, the Commissioners are authorized and required to let out and allot unto the said Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor of Colkeningion, otherwise Kempton, such Plot or* Plots,of the Residue of the Waste Lands and Grounds in otherwise

Kempton, thereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as should be equal in Value to One-Sixteenth Part of such Waste Lands and Grounds, for the respective Right and Interest of the said Lord of the said Manor, in or to the said Residue of the said Waste Lands and Grounds, or to the Soil thereof (exclusive of any separate or distinct Right which the said Lord might have in or to the Soil of the said Waste Lands and Grounds) within, or of, or belonging to, the said Manor,' and within the respective Parishes of Feltham and Sunbury; and that the said Commissioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution; and that at one of the Meetings of the Commissioners, the Steward or Agent of the said Edmund Hill, and Who had been employed as the Solicitor in procuring the said Act, produced before the Commissioners, in the course of their Enquiries respecting some Rights claimed within the said Manor of Colkenington, otherwise Kempton, a Book, containing the Customs of that Manor, and, upon the Examination of which, the following Entry appeared therein: "Ini 747 a Court of Survey of the Manor of " Cold Kensington, otherwise Kempton, was held, and the " Jury thereupon found as follows; videlicet. That, by " tomeAgreement between ‘SwRobert Knight,

" a former Lord of this Manor, and the Tenants of the " fame, the said Sir Robert did inclose a Parcel of " Kempton Common, from the Corner of a Hedge " called Broomfield Corner, or Pill Corner, on the North, " towards a Gate called Kempton Gate, towards the " South; and that the said Tenants, did relcafe their " Right thereto; and that in Consideration thereof, " the said Tenants were to be at Liberty to inclose the " rest of the said Common to their own Use, at and " under the like Rents, Customs, and Services, as they " enjoy their inclosed Lands within the said Manor; " and the said Sir Robert Kelligrew did release his Right " of Commonage, or depasturing Four hundred Sheep " in the said Common, and paid Thirty Pounds to the " Uie of the Poor of Kempton-, and that,ever since, the " Lords of the said Manor have lucceffively enjoyed the " said inclosed Ground, and the Tenants enjoyed the " rest of the said Common without the Lords having " Common therein and that, during the Progress of the said Act through both Houses of Parliament, this Agreement was concealed from the Petitioners, and their Agents; for, had they been made acquainted therewith, they should have oppoled the Allowance so made to the said Lord by the said Act, and should have endeavoured to have procured a Clause to be inserted therein, giving them Power to try their Right in one of His Majesty's Courts of Law in Westminster Hall; and that the Petitioners applied to the said Commissioners, and requested them not to make any Allotment to the said Edmund Hill of the aforesaid One-Sixteenth Part of the Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Manor; and that the Commissioners, on the 14th Day of March last, made and signed a Determination to the following Effect: " We do determine that the said " Edmund Hill has no Right of Commonage for depasturing Four hundred Sheep; but, the Act dedaring him Lord of the Manor of Kempton, and diresting an Allotment of One-Sixteenth to be made to " him as such Lord, we conceive that we have no "Jurisdiction over that Part of his Claim;" and that the Petitioners have applied to the said Edmund and requested him to consent to a Trial at Law respecting such Right, and not to set up the before-mentioned Clause in the said Act of Parliament in bar of the Claim

of

Leave given.

Petition presented.

Wrexham and Buthin Roads Bill, committed.

41 Geo. III. 158 Mail.

417

of the Petitioners; but the said Edmund Hill hath refused to comply with such Request; and that the Petitioners are advised that the said Act will, in its present State, protect the said Edmund Hilly and defeat any Claim that may be set up by the Petitioners to the said Common or Waite Land, or any Action that may be brought by them to try their Right thereto; and that, inalmuch as the aforesaid Agreement was concealed at the Time the said Bill was passing through both Houses of Parliament, and as the said does

nor appear entitled, as Lord of the said Manor of Colkeniugton, otherwise Kempt on, to the Waste or Common within that Manor, and in 'respect of which the said Commissioners are, by the said Act, directed and required to make such Allotment unto the said Edmund Hill, the Petitioners conceive that they are aggrieved and injured thereby, and that Parliament, had the Circumstances above Rated been known, would not have passed the said Act as it now Rands; and that the Petitioners are advised they have no other Remedy for their same than by an Application to Parliament for a Bill to alter and amend the said Act; and that, until the Determination of the said Commissioners was made and published as aforesaid, and until the Refusal of the said Edmund Hill to try the Matter at Law as aforesaid, was known, the Petitioners could not be aware of the Necelfity of such Application; and that such Determination and Refusal was not known, or made, until after the Time limited by the House for presenting Petitions for private Bills: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter and amend so much of the said Act as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make such Allotment to the said Edmund Hill to One Sixteenth Part of the WaRe Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of otherwise Kempton;and that the said Edmund and the Petitioners, may be ordered and directed to proceed to a Trial at Law in one of His Majesty's Courts of Law in Westminster Hall, to determine the Right of the

laid Edmund Hill, and of the Petitioners, and the other

Tenants of the said Manor, to the said WaRe Lands or Grounds within the same, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to prcient a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the MoR noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, and the humble Petition the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Pro-P* ictors of Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Colkenington, otherwise Kempton,in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex,was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the laR preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring iri a Bill to alter and amend so much of the said Act as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make such Allotment to the said Edmund Hill to One-Sixteenth Part of the WaRe Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Colkenington other-wile Kempton; and that the said EJnv.t.r.d and the Petitioners, may be ordered and directed to proceed to a Trial at Law in one of His Majesty's Courts in minster Hall, to determine the Right of the said Edmund Hill, and of the Petitioners, and the other Tenants of the said Manor, to the said Waste Lands or Grounds u'ithin the lame; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said" Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32b Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George V oi.. 56.

the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of IVrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, and for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road ffom Corwen to Llanrwji, at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in thd said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Robson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Rugby Ro*<* Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties ol Leicester and Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Legh Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Dunkefwell doling, all the Commons and WaRe Lands, within the inciofutt Bi'l, Parish of Dunkefwell, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and WaRe Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dunkefwell, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Lawrence Palk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Newwftle according to Order, a Bill for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties of the rented. Corporation of the Trinity House of upon

Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle t And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Toplis the Younger, of Cuckney, Petition of in the County of Nottingham, WorRed Manufacturer, against°cart-vvas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, wright's That, on the 8th Day of June 1793, the Petitioner ob- P*16111®1'!' tained His Majesty's Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for certain Machinery invented by him for combing and preparing of Wool, Cotton, Silk,

Flax, Hemp, and Mohair, for the purpose of Spinning; and that, loon after the obtaining the said Letters Patent, an Action was commenced againR the Petitioner in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, by the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, of Doncaster,in the County of York,

Clerk, to recover Damages againR the Petitioner, for an alledged Infringement of sundry Letters Patent for Inventions for combing Wool, and other Materials, by Machinery, to which Action the Petitioner pleaded, and the same flood for Trial before the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and a Special Jury, at Guildhall, London, at the Sitting after Michaelmas Term,

1793; and that after the said Cause was appointed for Trial, the Attornies for the said Edmund Cartwright made Proposals to the Attornies for the Petitioner to abandon the said Action, and to leave the Petitioner in the undisturbed Exercise of his Invention; and, upon that Occasion, the following Agreement was entered into, and signed by the Attornies for both Parties:

" Cartwright againR Toplis: — Heads of an Agreement

" between the Parties; That the Action shall be dif-

5 O " continued

15° Mail . A. 1801.

u continued, without Costs, and that each Party shall be " at Liberty to exercise his own Invention, and to vend his own Machines for his own Benefit, without Interruption from the other, during the Existence "of their respective Patents — Winter and Kaye, Defendant's'Attornies; Richard Shaw, Attorney for the " Plaintiff; 14th December 1793;" and that, ever since the Date of the said Agreement, the Petitioner has continued to exercise his said Invention, and to make, use, and vend the Machines for which his said Patent was granted, without Interruption either from the said Edmund Cartwright, or any other Person or Persons j and that, by the Votes of the House, it appears that a Bill has been brought in for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Master of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing, and, if the said Bill should pass into a , Law, the Petitioner would be deprived of the Benefit of his said Invention, and the Patent granted to him for the exclusive Exercise thereof; and submits, that the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, proposed by the said Bill to be granted to the said Edmund Cartwright, would be highly injurious to the Manufacturing and Commercial Interests of the Kingdom; and that the alledged Inventions of the said Edmund Cartwright do not entitle him to the Interference of the House in his Favour: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that it may be so altered and modified, as to protest the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner, in respect of his said Invention and Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by him-fclf, or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mansfield An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers

paired. of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleafiey, Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafiand, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleafiey, Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafiand, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tyne Bridge Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according tp Or-

Bii),presented. ^er, a Uiy for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of " Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a tern-

porary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge " over the River Tyne, between the Town of " upon Tyne and Gateshead,in the county of,

" and making the Avenues to, and the Pali ages over " the lame, more commodious; and for removing and " preventing Nuisancesand Annoyances in the Streets,

" Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said new Stone " Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County " of Durhamand for enabling the Trustees named in

the said Act: to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, AMenhan the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste p"ffed.ure J* Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr, Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in Ererton, , the 36th Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George &<?. Draituge' the Third, for the more effectually embanking, drain- Bill, commiting, preferring, and improving, certain Low Lands and l*d* Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftzvortk,

Mifterton, and Wa/kertngham,in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -pont. General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to *oiurcTiuT Order, & Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying in presented. Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ,in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying in presented. Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trnmpir.gtthe County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. ea°rm]t»

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: in'g for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief portion. Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, for a ^U'^ireknd. limited Time, so as such Prohibition Hr all not endure beyond the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn' or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit, for i'uch limited Time, the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carry ing into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; BUI respectinj for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of Angufi One efmtoYrT''

thou land Un<t.

r

41 Geo. III.

thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops, at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to have paired difl'olve the Marriage of James of Calcutta,

Campbell's jn t|ie province of Benga,in the , Doctor of Physic, with Jeffy Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein rpentioned , to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

4 tp

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons connected with, or trading to, the „ada Exche-Island of Grenada, to whom Exchequer Bills have been or*

advanced in pursuance of certain Acts, passed in the 35th and 37th Years of His Majesty's lleign; together with an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills 1

advanced to each such Person, and of the Sums repaid; together with the Dates of such Repayments.

15" Mail.

Cavenham in- A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Frere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AWtan^Com The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from pany"preffnt- the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1799: — The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading c o Africa-,distinguishing every Article of Expen-

" diture under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to bp perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Constables The House was moved. That an Act, passed in the or4eredf*27*h Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the " Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence " against Felons," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Powers of the said Act, and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk and Air. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider appointed re- of the Persons to be appointed Commissioners, Sur-imflionen,°&c] veyors, and Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure and Drainage; in Iicloiuxe and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointee! of Air. Dickinson, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Boucherett, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Patten, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir Robert Peele, Alr. Eflcourt. Sir Robert , Sir William Elford; and all

the Knights for Shires in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in t|je Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 56.

Sir William Elford presented to the House, accord- BankersNotet ing to Order, a Bill for the better Prevention of the 1 ,preente Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of, Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Question, pre-posed, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account1of* of the several Sums advanced by Way of Loan or Sub- Sums ad-fidy to different States, from the Commencement of ^anor^ub the present War, together with an Account of the In- cay" r terest received on such Sums as have been advanced by Way of Loan;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of an Order in Council, directing, that no Bills drawn since the 29th Day of November O. S. (corresponding with the 10th of December N. S.) by or on Behalf of any Persons being Subjects of, or residing in, the Dominions of the Emperor of Buffia, shall be accepted or paid, without Licence from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State first had in that Behalf, until further Signification of His Majesty's Pleasure, or until Provision shall be made in respect thereof by Act of Parliament: And also.

Copy of an Order in Council, directing, that no Per-Ibn residing within Mis Majesty's Dominions do presume to pay any Money, or Bills due or payable to or on Behalf of any Person or Persons being Subjects, or residing within, the Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Kings of Denmark or Sweden, or any of them, for the Freight of Merchandize imported in any Ruffian, Swedijk, or DanifhShip, now detained under the Embargo laid by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 14th Instant, or which shall hereafter be brought into any of the Ports of His Majesty's Dominions, Until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be further known, or until other Provision shall be made by Law: And also,

Copy of an Order in Council, directing, that the Marshal and Deputy Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, shall and may receive all Monies due for the Freight of Goods brought by any Ruffian, Swedish, or Danish Ships, detained under the Embargo laid by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 14th of January last; and that all Monies so received for Freight shall forthwith be paid by them into the Bank of England, in their joint Names, there to remain until His Majesty's further Pleasure be known, or until other Provision be made by Law in respect thereto.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr*

drdtr* in

Council re* (petting Ruffian, &c» Ships, presented.

4^0

150 M.

A. 1801.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Poor Returns Bill, committed.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That the Committee had made a further Pro* gress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Parliament which shall commence after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-two, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from over Skipton Bridge, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton

Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through and Nofierfield, to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present

Glasgovr Roads Bill.

Hmife resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Bist for settling Difputci between Mailers and Servants, presented.

Report of Bill to prevent Persons in Holy Orders fitting in the House ot Commons, further considered.

Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Bridge to Glasgozv, and certain Roads branching from the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. fame, as relates to the said Road from hichbelly Bridge to

Glasgozv, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Mr. Parker Coke presented to the House, according to Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgozv, and leading over Order, a Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turn-Masters and Workmen, and also between Mailers and pike Road leading to Cumbernauld; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Field and other Lands, within the several Parishes of ham Market, IVimbctjluim, and B exit'd I, in the County of

N ;without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Walle Grounds, within further Consideration the Report from the Committee the Manor and Parish of and the Hamlets

Mistresses of Families and menial and domellic Servants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Titefday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bifl be printed.

Dowpham Market, See. Inclosure Bill.

Maidsmorton Inclosure Bill.

of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded, to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingvofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Bill for requiring Returns of Monies assessed to Relief of the Poor severally in the Parishes of England, for and during a Pericd of Ten Years, ending Rafter 1801, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That ‘this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

MannJngford Bruce Inclo-

of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of Bruce, in the County of kVi/ts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Trad of Common or Waste Land, called within the

Manor and Parish of Kentifbeere,in the County of without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Kentifaioon* inclosure Bill,

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with JeJJy Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Campbell'# Divorce Bill, read.

£ ‘iTtoj

The Lords have agreed to

Sculcoates Paving Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr# Wilmot and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East: Hiding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ingnext, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

Ways and Means, deferred.

k]ct

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alprn-ingnext, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee

Supply, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for re fuming the Bill to amend

Scotch Militiz Acts, deferred.

ef '

adjourned Proceeding upon the Third

Reading

of the

Thirsk and Skipton Bridge Roads Bill.

Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the ingrafted Bill to amend several Acts for raising a Militia said Parish; without any Amendment: And also, Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Britain and Ireland called Scotland; for continuing, until the End of the First Session of That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading

6 of

IXipt

41 Geo. III. 15° — 18° Mail, 4.21

of the said Bill be further adjourned till Monday Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Morning next. Part of the United Kingdom called , as have only

an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit* Fines and Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, reported in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of

Forfeitures from the Committee of the whole House, to whom such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Ba^nsportsd. the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures Payment of Duty; imposed by Justices out of Session in England, was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-made to the Bill, and which they had directed him ing next, Ten of the Clock*

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the __________________

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further 18* }

Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Irish Found-line Hospital BilT, committed.

Portugal Wine Bill, committed.

Hair Powder and Armorial

Bearings Transfer Bill, deferred, *

Bill to exempt

Ifiib Members from certain Dunes, deferred.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin-, and for " amending, and further continuing, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " intituled, An Act for the better Management of the " Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in ," was,

according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be cofnmitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Ilair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, " granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year " of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British " Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so " much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to " the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on " Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of One " thoul'and Eight hundred and One."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such V o l.56.

Anno 410 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

MR. Harcourl reported from the Committee, td whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houses erected upon, or Lessees of, certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the Right honourable Dowager Baroness Southampton, in the Parish of Saint Paneras, in the County of was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Birch, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Ground has lately been laid out for Streets and Squares, and Houses of considerable Value are erected, and now building thereon, and many other Houses and Buildings are purposed and intended to be built in the said Streets and Squares: That certain Parts of the said Streets and Squares are not paved, and are subject to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and that other Parts thereof, although paved, are still subject to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments; that if proper Powers were given for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering the said Streets, Squares, and Places not paved, and for keeping in Repair those already paved, and for preventing Nuisances in the fame, it woula be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Streets and Squares, and to all Persons resorting to or passing through the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Railages and Places which arc, and shall be, made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Paneras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton: And that Mr. Harcourt and Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, jnd inclosing, the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley,in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harcourt, Sir Matthew WhiteRidley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and

5 P " Employment

Paneras Pav-ing Petition* reported.

friraley In* closure Bill, committed.

Mitford and Launditch Poor Bill, committed.

18° Mail.

" Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of " Milford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk" was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, alTd Drainage draining, and preferring, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Bill, paflld. Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the.Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham,in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Aflley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Holme, Hale, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the &c. incioAire Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable ted.'coramit* Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-rifties of Holme, Hale, and West in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Earl of Eit/lou,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of] the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1801.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Another Petition of several Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates, in the Townships of Bentley and Arkfey, in the Parish of Arkfey, and Manor of Bentley, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole Nan es are thereunder written, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, that the same may not pass into a Law; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, together with others, being Mortgagees or Creditors, under an Act, made and palfed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York,through the Towns of Hal herfage, Hope, and Castle-tonto Sparrow Pit Gale, in the County of , and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindeford Bridge, Great Hud:/ova,

Wall, and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning,

" the Road front Hurdlozo House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of " Cheficr, to Manchester,in the County of Lancaster, and " also the Road from Hernefione Lane Head, and from " Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all ia " the said County of Derby, to the lall-mentioned Road " at Whaley, in the said C tunty of ;" and for

making and repairing a new Branch from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to, or near to, Buxton aforesaid; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains Provisions which, if palfed into a Law as it now Hands, will be very injurious and detrimental to their Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as afflft them; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, HEafl and

WeflLutton, otherwise ButtonsAmbo, all in the Parish of

Weaverthorp, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages,

Cottages,

Rotherham Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Market, &c. whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Bill, reported. pjace wj(hin the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening, and rendering more commodious, the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Petitions of A Petition of several Proprietors of Houses, Lands, 1 -ind Owne 1's| ancj in the Townships of Bentley and Arkfey, in

lmv.Vc. in- the Parish of Arkfey, and Manor of Bentley, in the West cloture Bill. Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, in-Closing, and improving, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skelloiv, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of; and Setting forth. That the same contains certain Clauses and Provisions which will, if carried into Effect, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and several other Persons, interested in the said Commons or Waste Grounds: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by theml'eives, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pals as it now stands; or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Petition of

Mortgaged, against Hurd« low House and Mane heft ter Roads Bill

Weaverthorp, See Inclosure Bid, committed*

4i Geo. III.

18° Mail

423

Member added to bring in Little By-tbam, &c. Incloi'ure Bill.

Billprefeiited,

Down Amp-ney, See. In-tlofure Bill, ktported.

Halfnmshire. Cutlers Bill, reported.

Morpeth Road Bill, reported.

Cottages, Frontsteads, and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respaftively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr, HenryLafcelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Vynerbe added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names'are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Estates in Bytham, Aunby, and Careby, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Attnby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Eliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Dozen in the County of Gloucester, and Lattonand Eifey, in the County of IVills,

was committed; That the Committee had examined* and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and madefeve-ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dilagrecd to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more tflectual, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of . Cutlers, within the Liberty o in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of

their Journeyman and Apprentices, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question several put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroired.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 25 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

Vol. 50.

King George the'Second, and the x 8 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth,by or through ford, Thropple, Long Wit ton, and by the North Side of

Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to The High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Otdered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the ^Jj£brin-Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, in Covington a Bill,pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Most inclosure Bill, noble William Duke of Manchester, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill presented.

A Petition of'Thomas IVillation Whites of PVallingweUss .°*

i t 7 r r* j Mr. White*

in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, was presented to agai„ft saint the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for di- ivesinclosure viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Proprietor of about One-third of the Lands in the said Open Fields of Saint Ives proposed to be divided and inclosed, and is also Proprietor of about One-third of the Old Inclol'ures in the said Parish, which are proposed to be exonerated from Tythes by the said Bill, and of other Landed Property, Rights, and Inrerefts, in the said Par lh; and that the Petitioner is also the Proprietor of the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, arising from the Tytheabie Lands in the said Open Fields, and also from such of the Old inclosures as are Tytheabie, and which Tythes are pro-poled to be txtinguished by the said Bill; and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill appear to be very injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner:

And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against l'uch of the Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill as aftect his Rights and Interests, or that he may have such other Relict as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- SlimbrMge mon Fields, Common Meadows, Open and Intermixed,

J: committed-

and \

JVrition of Cordwainers of York.

Rifby and Fon 1 ham Incloiare iiui, recoiled.

Carlton, ic. Inc!oft:re Bill, fipuricd.

18* Mail

' A. 1801.

and Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Slim bridge, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of Wore &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, resident in the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general*. And playing, That the said Act may be amended or altered, to as to give to Cordwainers an equal Right with Tartners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing of Leather, to join in recommending proper Persons to the Persons or Person by the said Act authorized to appoint Inspectors of Raw Hides and Skins.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunburyreported'frorfi the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rijby and Forn-ham AH Saints, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclo-lure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at f.3. 6 s. 4 per Annum, who refused tofignthe Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at f. 10. Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £.230. 4*. 8 d.per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

SirThomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Colville, 0u'non, and Kirtlev,otherwise Kirkley, in the County of

Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates atfelied to the Lund Tax at £. 137. Sr. per Annum-, and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is alfcfied to the Land Tax at f 1,336. 1 s. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the.Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.

which they had directed him to report to the House; ' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving, {leaning, cleansing, lighting, watching, Paving, , and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways. Pal-sages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bat/nvick, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and efteftive Police there; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Baiket Men and Bafkct Women, within the said Parish of Bathwick.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for paving, {leaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bathwick,in the County of Somerset, and for

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police there; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Baiket Men and Baiket Women, within the said Parish of Bathwick:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, to' whom Cardiff, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of The Great and Little Heaths, otherwise M-wynydd, B-wclian, and IVain Dyvlying within the several Pari files of Saint John the B in Cardiff, Lan-

'daff, Whitchurch, Roath, and Lanijhen,in the County of

Glamorgan, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Ihe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then $

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed t» by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Jefferys reported from the Committee, to whom Coventry the Bill ior the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Bill, Poor in the several Parishes of Sa Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, was committed; and to whom the several Petitions, which were presented to the House upon the 17th Day of Aprillaft, and the ift and 4th Days of this

Instant May,respecting the said Bill, were severally re-

ferred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Piace,) and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

41 Geo. III. i8°

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Petition of A Petition of the Reverend Robert Clerk,

ibr Provlrion ^icar of Saint in the City of

in Cot-entry Coventry,was presented to the House, and read; Taking

Poor Bill. Notice'of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Vicar of the said Parish of Saint,

is principally maintained by an Assessment on Houses and Tenements in the said City and Parish, made by Virtue of an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of " the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, for " the Time being, in Lieu of Tythes, and for repealing so much of an Act, of the Fourth and Fifth of " Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tythes " in the said Parish,'/ and in respect of which Payments, under the Act of the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, the Vicars of the said Parish of Saint Michael were not liable to be rated to the Relief of the Poor; and that Doubts have been entertained, whether the Petitioner is not liable to be rated to the Relief of the Poor in the said Parish of Saint Michael in respect of the said Assessment: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and afford him such Relief, by a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting the Vicar of the Pa riff of Saint Michael aforesaid from the Payment of Foors Rates, in respect of his Assessment on Houses and Tenements in the said City and Pariff of Saint Michael, under an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Reverend Joseph Rann, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of The

Holy ' Trinity, in the City of Coventry, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of this Instant May, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudlion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting the Vicar of the Parish of The Holy Trinity aforesaid from the Payment of Poors Rates, in respect of his Assessment on Houses and Tenements in the said City and Pariff of The Holy Trinity, under an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Member Ordered, That Mr. W be added to the Gentle-

in Ri*mcn» w*10 arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, cloture Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Fleetwood Parkhurst, Esquire, the Reverend Robert Lucas, Doctor , in Divinity, and Francis Welles, Gentleman, severally Owners of, or interested in Lands and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of

The Lord? A Message from the Lords, by Mr. S premier and Mr.

have agreed so °

Mr. Speaker,

Militia Pay The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And allb,

Vo 1. 56.

Mail. 42 £

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BHl to permit to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One Horse only, for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject dr.-stokeep to the Duty granted by an A(51 of the Thirty-eighth onjuty?** Year of the lteign of Mis present Majesty, under certain Limitations; without any Amendment: And al so,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<fl Elephant Oil to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great B,i1,

Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; without any Amendment: And allb, '

The Lords have agreeJ to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bank Note* for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank B,1)*

Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Upwell and for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen °ut'vel1 Lands, within the Manors and Pariffcs of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Pariffes of Denver and We/ney, in the Rle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' TumwooHIn-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and clofur* Bill* Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of otherwise

Turnworth, in the County of Dor jet; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tittle Staugh-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and *°n Indolure Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Pariff o ton, in the County of Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also, y

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ewell ir.clo-for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Com- fureBiiL mon Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell,in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open anA withAmend-Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com- menu, monable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon -,with fonre Amendments; to

which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lord* confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of luve divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Estates of Joseph Adcock, Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to chelfton in-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the cloiure Bill, Open' and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Presente<1* Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Chelfton, otherwise Chelveftoncum Caldecott, in the County of

Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for explaining, altering, and amending, an PortGlasgow Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of His pre- Harbour Bill, lent Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, lcouring, pre- c miD1 e<" serving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mc Dow all,

Mr. Ikilham Dundas, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

5 Q The

A. 1801.

Cheltenham Inclosure Billy prerented.

Mr. St range'* Petition.

♦etirion for Provision in Shrewsbury Roads Bill, reported.

Heyford Inclosure Bil!, reported.

18* Mail.

T I

The Marquis of Worcester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tything or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the county of : And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Peter Strange, late of the Rower, in the County of Kilkenny, but now a Prisoner confined for Debt in the Four Courts Ma, , was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of his Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Williams Wyntl reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parities of Alberbttry, Buttington, and Pool, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, or Proprietors of Estates,

within some or one of the said Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Gould being examined, said. That the Road leading from near the Termination of Ten Miles from the Town 0 fShrewsbury,on the present Pool Road,

to Buttington, in the County of Montgomery, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; #nd that it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the same were altered, and made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustee6 for executing the Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from, or from near, the Tenth Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Welsh Pool, again to join the same Road at or near Buttington Hall, in the County of Montgomery.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Liberties and Precincts of LowerHeyford, otherwise

and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tme; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-x

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ..to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W'here the Amendments were Opce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One b^ One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to wertoncotk Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging ^'en Ru3ds the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 2 ill Year of the ' prrW'‘' Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate in the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford,to the Turnpike Road on Kidliugton Green, in the said County; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, Sutton Cant* and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Ijffi, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and ted.'

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Wick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. PVigley presented to the House, according to Ripple Tack. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, pre?

certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel ^Thornton reported from the Committee, Kingshmpo*

to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for reported, making a commodious Street from the said Market Place to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf,

,or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ' in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ‘

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In- Account of Ipeftor General of Imports and Exports, attended at i^^^and the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Exports, proto the House, pursuant to their Order, rented.

An Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from. Great Britain, for Sixteen Years, ending the 5th of January 1801; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing the Value of Imports from < the East Indies and China from the Value of all other Imports; and distinguishing the Value of British Pro- duce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; together with the Difference between the official Value and the declared Value of

1

4i Geo. III.

18° Mali.

427

Appendix

(No. 40.)

Petition of Mr. Mack-night, See, again it Greenock Harbour and Police Bill.

1

Cat-.

dtip. j

si;

of Brit if Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Petition of Thomas Mac Esquire, of Ratho, in the County of Edinburgh, and of Mrs. ChrijUan surd, of Cartjburn,in the County of Renfrew, his Wife,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the 13th and 29th Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmea, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town; and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde; and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of the Barony of Cartjburn, and of the Harbour of Crawford's Dyke, situated within the same, % n the River Clyde, in the Neighbourhood of the Town of Greenock; and that there are certain Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into Law, will be highly prejudicial to their laid Barony and Harbour, and to their Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, to be heard, by themselves, their Count'd, or Agents, against such' Parts of the said Bill as are injurious to their Rights and Interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report on Lamefley and Tanfield Inclosure Bill, further con-tillered*

Confuleration of ^ords Aimiulmenta to Surrey and Kent Canal Bill, deferred.

the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River at or

near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun in the Parish

of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to a certain Place called The Lower Wanderings, in the Parish of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches com* municating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Answer of sir ceived, from Admiral Sir Hyde Parker, the following Vote of Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, fig- Thank*, nified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 16 th Day of April last.

Sir,

London, Kioge Bay, April 28th, 1801.

Otdered;That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, called Blackburn Fell, Bur don Moor, Hedley Fell, Kibb/esworth Common, and Beamish Eafi

Moor, otherwise Blackburn Fell, RavenJ Fields, and RavenfivorthSouth PaJIure, within the Cha-

pelries of Lamefley and Tanfieldor the one of them, in the Parish of Chefer-le-Street, and County of,

was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 123.

I. 13. being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Amendment in Fo. 123.1. 13. which was, after " respectively," to insert and that all such Allotments shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to " be lituate within, and Parcel of the same Parishes,

Townships, and Places respectively, wherein the re-4tIpective Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements " do lie, in respect of which such Allotments shall be " made," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The liefidue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to Vol. 56.

I am to acknowledge the Receipt of Your's of the x 6th Instant, inclosing me, by Order of the Honourable House of Commons, their llefolutions approving my Conduct, and that of the Flag Officers, Captains, and Officers, as also that of the Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, under my Command on the 2d of April, which I have communicated to the Fleet.

My own Feelings are so much affected at this Mark of my Country's Approbation, as to render me unequal to find Words expressive of my Senlibility on the marked Honour; and I have only to request you. Sir, to affine the House, it will serve to re-animate a Life, nearly exhaulted, after Fifty Years l'pent in my Country's Service.

You, Sir, I am to desire will accept my bell Thanks for the very handsome Manner in which you are plealed to express yourlclf; and that you will believe me, with the highest Respect and Esteem,

Your most obedient.

And very humble Servant,

Hyde Parker.

The Right honourable Sir John Milford, (Ac. (Ac. (Ac.

Resolved, Nemiue Contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address for a dress be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to de- 10

fire His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to- Abercromby. give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Pail's, London, to the Memory of the ever-lamented late Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Land Forces, on an Expedition against the French on the Coast of Egypt, Lieutenant General the Right honourable Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, who, having surmounted, by consummate Ability and Valour, the Obstacles opposed to his Landing by local Difficulties, and a powerful and well-prepared Enemy, and having successfully established and maintained the fuc-ceflive Politions necessary for conducting his further Operations, refilled, with signal Advantage, a desperate Attack of chosen and veteran Troops on the 21st Day of March 1801, when he received, early in the Engagement, a mortal Wound, but remained in the Field, guiding by his Direction, and animating by his Pre-lence, the brave Troops under his Command, till they had achieved the brilliant and important Victory obtained on that memorable Day; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence of erecting the said Monument.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemiue Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Honourable Major General Cenerjjt0 Jthn Hely Hutchinson, Second in Command, Major Hutehinf&n,

Generals *c* *

Vote of Thanks to Lord Keith, &c. &c.

Committee of Supply.

18 ° Mail. A. 1801-

Generais Eyre Coste, Jo'mFrancis , the Honour-

able George James Ludlow, John Moore, Richard Earl of Cavan, the Honourable Edward Finch, Brigadier Generals John Stuart, the Honourable John Hope, John Doyle,

Hildebrand Oakes, and Robert Law Jon, and to the several Officers who served in the Army under the Command of the late Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the Bath, for their splendid and heroic Exertions in effecting a Landing on the Coast of Egypt in spite of local Difficulties, and in the Face of a powerful and well-prepared Enemy, and in all their subsequent Operations; particularly in refilling, with signal Success, the delperate Attack made upon them on the 21st Day of March 1801, and achieving the brilliant and important Victory obtained on that memorable Day.

Refo/ved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the distinguished Regularity, Discipline, Coolness, and Valour, displayed by the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers of the Army serving under the Command of the late Lieutenant General Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the

Moll honourable Order of the Bath, in the memorable and brilliant Operations in Egypt; and that the same be signified to them by the Commanders of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their distinguished and exemplary Conduct.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do communicate the said Resolutions to the Honourable Major General John Hely

Hutchinson, Commander in Chief of the Army in Egypt-, and that he be requestccl, by Mr. Speaker, to signify the same to the Generals and other Officers referred to therein.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Right honourable Admiral Lord Keith, Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the Bath, for the distinguished Zeal and Ability with which he made his Disposition for Landing the British Troops on the Coall of Egypt, in spite of all the Ob-ftacles with which they had to encounter, and for the Activity and Exertion with which he aided and supported them in effecting their Descent, and in carrying on their subs«quest Operations against the Enemy.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Bicker-ton, Baronet, and to the several Captains and Officers in the Fleet under the Command of Admiral, Lord Keith, for their cordial and effectual Co-operation with the Land Forces in effecting their Descent, and carrying on their Operations, on the Coall of Egypt.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Service of the Seamen and Marines on board the Ships under the Command of Admiral Lord Keith, in the cordial and effectual Allillance which they afforded to the Land Forces in their Descent on the Coast of Egypt, and in the subsequent Operations against the Enemy; and that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and thank them for their meritorious Conduct.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do communicate the said Resolutions to the Right honourable Admiral Lord Keith-, and that he be requested by Mr. Speaker, to signify the fame* to the several Captains and other Officers referred to therein.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. . ‘

Air. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Cowmimo# resolve itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Refutation which was reported from the ^indoiii* Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed. Bit!, which was made from the Committee appointed to rcU‘ consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Incloiiire, so far as re ('peels the letting out or the altering of Public Roads, and to report theif Opinion thereupon to the House;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'clf into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrollld) to prevent Doubts relpedling the Eligibility of PctTons in Holy Orders to fit in, the House of Commons;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

O

Bilfto prevent Perloii* in Holy Order* fitting in the Ho u it* of Commons, deterred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways m3 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to J^ns' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Bill to nmrn* adjourned Preceding upon the Third Reading of the ingrolled Bill to amend several Acts for raising a Militia red.

Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Alanagement of certain Bearings Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or Tm‘ilerBlU' uling Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Alf? Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the-Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported fyom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him, to report, when the House will please to receivethe fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made irt the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on " Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed " in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be " warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in

" the

41 Geo. III. iS° — 190 Matt. 429

~ the Thirty-second Yedrof the Reign of His present Ma- Winchester, through to Sdr Gate, in the Town

« jetty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price and County of the Town of Southampton, was read a " of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Draw- Second Time.

« back on the Exportation thereof; and for allow- That the Bill be committed to Sir Wit

« ing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Itam Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet

Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's " and One." Chamber.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re* port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee,the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer be added to the Committee, appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 19° Maii;

Anno 41* Georgii III‘,r Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Heyford in- A ^ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and injure Bill, jf"\ doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common

' Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, and in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, in the County of Oxford,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common-Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Pre-cinds of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower ,otherwise

ford-at- Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stockhrldge A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge and win- the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the 3 ill Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Both Year of the mjttfd. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of in the County of Southampton, to the City of and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's . Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of VOL.


Mr. Jefferys reported From the Committee, to whom CoventnrPooT the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and ‘The 1 ' porte *

Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend Robert Simfcn, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, was referred, and who were empowered to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Petition, and also pursuant to the Petition of the Reverend Joseph Rann,

Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, before referred to the said Committee;

That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place*, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Aftley reported from the Committee, to whom Stradfet in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradfet, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;' and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled incto. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain fare Bill, Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, *reed and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old in the County of Huntingdon.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 31. I. 11. After "recovered," insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas Sir Robert Burton,

"Knight, Lord of the Manor of " Woodhurst, in the said County of " Huntingdon, claims to be' entitled " to some Compensation or Satisfaction to be made to him, out " of such Part of the Heath called " Somersham Heath, as hath been " lately allotted to the Parish of " Old Hurst aforesaid, by the Com-' 5 2^ " miffioaert

Horftcy and i)udbmlgc

430 19® Mail. A, 1801.

« missioners appointed to inclose feeigrt of His present Majesty King George the Third, Roads bin,

" the said Heath, as an Equivalent for making and maintaining a Road from in co,nnultedi

" for, and in Lieu of, a certain tire Parish of Hor/ey, to join the Turnpike Road leading

" ancient Annual Payment of Four from C to at or near in " Pence a Flock for each and every the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at " Flock, of Sheep, belonging to the worthy in the Parish of to

' c‘ Proprietors or Tenants within the mon, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in

" said Parish of Old HurJ}, depaf- the County of; and for altering some Parts of

" tured or fed thereupon; Be it the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

" therefore Enacted, That in case Re/olved That the Bill he committed to the Marquis *‘ tire said Sir Robert Burton, or his of Worceft the Earl of &c.: And they are to Heirs, shall be dissatisfied with the meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the " Determination of the said Com- Speaker's Chamber.

" missioners, as to the Claim made

®* by the said Sir Robert Burton, or A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in Tyne Brid^r " his Heirs, and shall by Writing, the 28th YearofHis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, mitled?11 " under his or their Hand or Hands, " An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two " Cgnifying the same to the said " Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His pre Commissioners, or either of them, " sent Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary " within Twenty Days next after Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over the " the Determination of the said " River Tyne, between the Town of Nezucafrle upon Tyne,

" Commissioners as to the said " and in the County of Durham, and making

" Claim, and Notice thereof being " the Avenues to, and the Pallages over the fame, more " affixed on the Church or Chapel " commodious; and for removing and preventing NuiDoor of Old Hurst aforesaid. Ten " fances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or AveDays at lead before the Expira- " nues, leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within " tion of the said Twenty Days, it " the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham " „

" shall be lawful for the said Sir and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act, to " Robert Burton, his Heirs, and Af- widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge, was read " signs, within One Month after the a Second Time.

" Expiration of the said Twenty Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdott,

" Days, to commence and prose- Mr. Bond, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

" cute an Action in any of His at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

" Majesty's Courts of Record at ..

" iVeftmuffler against the said Com- A Bill for extending and enlarging the Powers, and Newc-dUc

" missioners, or either of them, for increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of p^n^ne " Purpose of ascertaining the the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better committeAi " Right of the said Sir Robert Bur- regulating the Port of Newcastle, was read a Second " ton, his Heirs, and Assigns; and Time.

" she Defendant or Defendants Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don,

" 'n such Action, shall name an Sir Martin Browne Folkes, 8cc.: And they are to meet " Attorney, who shall file Common this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's " Bail, or appear and accept an If- Chamber.

" sue, thereby such Suit may be

" tried and determined, such Issue An ;ngrolpea Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and <5r«t AbinSto be settled by the proper Officer layi in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields,

" of the Court wherein such Action Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common " shall be brought and commenced. Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the if the Parties shall differ about parish Gf Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge,

4i the same; and the Verdict that was read the Third Time#

" shall be given in the said Action, An lngrossed Clause was offered to be added to the u shall, unless the same be set aside by Way of Ryder, for appointing Commissioners

0 by the Court wherein such Action in future.

M is depending, and a new Trial had, And ^jie fa;(j Qaufc was Thrice read; and, upon the i€ he final and conclusive between Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be the Parties, and the said^Com- mac]e part Gf the Bill, by Way of Ryder,

" missioners shall conform thereto, Rej0lved9 That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in letting out the Allotment to be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying be made to the said Sir Robert Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common " Burton, and his Heirs; and the Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Com*

44 Colls and Charges of such Action rnons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great shall be paid in such Manner, and Abington, in the County erf Cambridge.

" by such Person or Persons as the Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Jut^ge> before whom such Blue Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

44 shall be tried, shall certify the

lame ought to be paid. A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of Bur- Burst»d<m

Pr. 60. 1. 11. Leave out " Thomas" and insert Bridge and Roads, to raise a further Sum of Money

" Gcoge." to complete the said Bridge and Roacjs, was read a nviu'ed.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Second Time.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr- George Upon, agreed to by the House. Henry Ro/e, Sir William heathcote, &c.: And they are

Ordered, That Mr. A/ley do carry the Bill to the to meet,this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Speaker s Chamber, to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for more effectually improving and maintain- Rye Harbour A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge ing the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex,

-the -Powers, of an Act, pnll'ed in the 20th Year of the was read a Second Time. nHtte *

5 Refolded,

4i Geo. ML

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord De Blaquiere, Mr. Thomas P, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Campbell's An ingrossed Bill fVom the Lords, intituled, An Act v^^rtn-ed111* to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the Indies, Doctor of Physic, with Jejfy Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thnrfday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn- mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and all'o, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill, if the Parties'concerned think lit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Ktorpeth Road An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers df BUi, passed. Two Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford, Thropple, Long Wilton, and by the North Side of Rotk/ey Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sling , and to High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

gtaplfcross Mn Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to

Rd!\0ri"i^r0f* die Bill to amend and widen the Roads leading

reported! from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ezvhurst, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near House, in the said

Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beck/ey; and also, the Road from Staplecross aforesaid, to Bodiarn Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence, through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehiirjl, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst,all in the County of Sufex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

D3yappoi«ted Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of an for second Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George o/iCenf Gaol the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices Bilb " of the Peace, acting for the.Weflcrn Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Vol. 56.

43*.

" Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and " for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the ft County Stock of the said Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expences of the said Weliern Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaojs are by Law directed to be repaired; apd for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and plfo a Special General Sessions, for the Purpose of making a fair and equal County Rate for the said County; and for regulating the Expenditure of the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon *lhvr[-day Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Cardiff, &c. the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly I"j^"lure ?lI!* known by the Names of The Great and Little , P otherwise Mwynydd, Bvtchan, and lying

within the several Parishes of Saint John the in

Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath, and in the County of Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of The Great and Little Heaths^ otherwise Mzvynydd, Bvtchan, and Dyval, lying

within the several Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, in Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath, and Lani/hen, in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Mr. Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr.. Bedford, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; g*]cshequer and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their lentei* Orders, >

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five " -Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight " hundred And also.

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out in piirfuance- of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, -for the Service of tfle " Year One thousand Eigb't hundred And also,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act* passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His {^relent Majesty, intituled,

"An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " the Year One thousand-Eight hundred."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be.perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 41.)

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon wincheftw- Friday last, was made from the Committee to whom the ordered.C"' ' ' Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winchester,' in the County of Southampton; and allb, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of chester, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave \>e given to bring in a Bill for completing the Common Gaol, now . building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain

Buildings

190 Mail.

A. 18b i.

43*

190 Mali.

Buildings within the (hid City, for widening the Avenues thereto 2 And that Sir Richard Gamon, Lord Viscount Palmerjhme, and Sir Henry John do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

h Roads A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two ut'tedT' Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough wider Staimnore, in the County of by the End

of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adair, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to rfteet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ThirlwsHin* A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwall, in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adair, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kothcrham Market, Bill, passed.

Haltanihire Cutlers Bill, passed.

An ingtoffed Bill for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening, and rendering more commodious, the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleaning, lighting, and improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious, the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defiie their Concurrence.

M»nchester and Bolton CanalPetuion, reported.

Mr. Blackbume of Lancafldre reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton, and to Bury,under their Corporate Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester, to or near Presto-lee* Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by one Branch to or near the Town of Bolton; and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brooks in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancester, was read: And,

Mr. John Nightingale being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded to cut the said Canal, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and have made great Progress towards the Completion thereof; and, in the Execution of the lame, have expended the several Sums of Money authorized to be raised under the Powers of the said Act; but it will require a further Sum of Money to enable the Petitioners to make navigable and complete the said Canal, and to pay the Debts incurred, and now due and owing: That it is proposed, that some Variation should be made in the Tonnage Rates, and that the said Act should in some other respects be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchejlef to Bolton, and to Bury, to raise Money to discharge the Debts of the Company, and to complete the Canal; and also for altering and amending the Act for making and maintaining the said Canal: And that Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire and Air. Staidey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Coke of Norfolk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Powers of art Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better securing to Constables, and others, " the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and " for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to " give Evidence against Felons ;" and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey,

to a certain Place called The Lower Wanderings, in the Parish of Kingston upon Thames, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as. followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. J. 8. Leave out from "to" to "in" in Line 9, and insert " the Town of " Mitcham."

1. 10. Leave out " Kingston upon Thames," and insert "

Pt\ 38. 1. ult. After " Graveney " insert " to the " Town of Mitcham, in the Parish " of," and in the same Line, leave out from " ," to " all " in

Press 39. Line 4.

Pc. 39, 1. 32, Leave out from " Surrey," to " and" in Line 33.

Pr. 40.

Constablet Expences Bill, presented.

Lords A mead* ments to Surrey and Kent Canal Bil 1, agreed Mm

41 Ge6s III.

Pr. 40. 1. 4w Leave out from " Canal " to "and '* in Line 10, and insert " except " within the Distance of Two Thausand Yards of the River,

" or of any Stream running into " the fame."

1. 27-'After " respectively " insert "within.

" the Distance aforesaid."

Pr. 41. 1. 2. After " Act " insert " within the Distance aforesaid/*

1. t8. Leave out " bore."

Pr. 42. 1. 2. Leave out from "lying" to "and'* in Line 4, and insert " upon either " Side of the said Canal."

Pr. 44. 1. 29. After " thereof" insert " within the " Distance aforesaid."

Pr. 45. 1. 26. After " mentioned " insert " Provided " always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable the said Company to take Water from the River " Thames at any Place higher up " the said River than Mort/ake, in the County of Surrey: Provided " nevertheless, that it shall not be " lawful for the said Company of " Proprietors to execute or perform " any of the Works, or exercise any of the Powers aforesaid, in or " upon any of the Lands or Grounds " now belonging to Daniel Henry " Rucker of Owen Put-

"land Meyrick of , John " Hilbert of Wandjworth, William " Plumer of Biljlonc Lodge in the " County of , Benjamin Oakley ' " of Tooting, Thomas Platt and John

"Rice of Tooting, adjoining to the " Line of the said intended Canal, " without the Consent, in Writing, " of the Owners and Proprietors of " such Lands or Grounds for the " Time being respectively, any " Thing herein contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

Pr. 47. 1. 14. After " mentioned" insert " Provided " always. That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to make any such Cut or " Cuts as aforesaid within the Distance of Two Thousand Yards " from the said River Wandle, or " of any Stream running into the " fame."

1. 25. After " Canal" insert " any Water " out of the River Wandle, or."

1. 32. After " said " insert " River, or with " the."

Pr. 48. 1. 14. Leave out from " whatever " to " Pro* " vided " in Press 50. Line 12. and insert Clause (A.)

Clavss (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " where the said Canal shall crols " and pass over the said River " Wandle, the said Company of " Proprietors shall, at their own " proper Costs and Charges, erect, " and for ever maintain, a good and " sufficient Aqueduct or Aque* " dufts, the Height of which, during the whole Breadth and Length thereof across the said River, shall " be at the least Fifteen Feet, mea* furing from the Surface of the " said River Wandle at Mark Stake. " high, (o the Surface of the Water

Vni.* 56*

433

" in the said Canal; and further,

" that where the said Canal shall " cross and pais over a certain intended Iron Railway to be established from Wandsworth to Croydon and Carjhalton, in the said " County of Surrey, under the Authority of a Bill now pending in " Parliament, if the same shall be " carried into a Law, the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their " own proper Costs and Charges,

" erect, and for ever maintain, a " good and sufficient Aqueduct;

" which said Aqueduct shall, in no " case, occupy in Depth more than " Four Feet from the Surface of " the Water in the said Canal (on " the same Level on which it " crosses the said River Wandle) to " the under Side of the said Aquedust, so that loaded Carriages " passing under the said Aqueduct " may pals without Obstruction*

" and that the Span of the Arch " or Opening, under the said Aquedust, shall be full Sixteen Feet " wide."

t*r. 54; 1. 18. Leave out " Four Duplicates" and im fert " Three Parts."

Pr. 55. 1. 34. Leave out from " Reference" to " from" in Line 36.

IV. 77. L 30. Leave out " Commissioners " and insert " said Committee of Proprietors."

Pr. 8o; 1. 11. Leave out " Commissioners" and in-

fert " Committee of Proprietors."

Leave out "Commissioners" and in-g j fert " Committee of Proprietors."

Pr. 95. 1. 3S*^Leave out except Boats carrying

36.J " Passengers"

Pr. 98. 1. 11. Leave out from " Pounds" to "And" in Line 32.

Pr. 121.1. 22. Leave out from " appear*' to "And" in Press 122. Line 4.

Pr. 125.1. 25. After "Times" insert Clause (B.)

Clause (B.) " Provided always, and it is hereby " Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing " in this Act contained shall extend to authorize the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Author " rity, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to enter into " or upon the Lands or Grounds " of the Right honourable Sir John " Mitford,in the Parishes of Sweatham and Mitcham, or either of " them, or to take any Water " therefrom, or to interrupt or alter " any Stream running through the " fame, or to prevent the said Sir " John Mitford, his Heirs or Assigns, " from using any such Water or " Stream, or to do any other Act " which may injure or affect the " same Lands or Grounds, or any " of them, without the previous " Consent, in Writing, of the said " Sir John Mitford, his Heirs or " Assigns, first had and obtained " under his or their Hand or " Hands, for that Purpose, any 5 S " Thing

19° Main

Petition to amend Han-worth, &c. Inclosure A&, referred to a Committee.

Report respecting Comissioners, See in Inclosure Bills*

ip* Matt. iSoi.

Thing herein, contained to the " contrary thereof notwithstanding."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 5. Leave out from "to" to "in" in Line 7. and insert " the Town of " Mitcham."

1. *].Leave out" Kingston upon and

insert " Mitcham."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time* Were) Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Moll noble Aubrey Duke of Saint , and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Colkenington, otherwise Kempton, in the Parish of Felt ham, in the county of,

which was presented to the House upon Friday lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Persons to be appointed Commissioners, Surveyors, and Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in every Bill for inclosing any Moors, Commons, Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, and in every Bill for draining any Low Lands, there be inserted a Clause or Clauses to prevent any Lord, or the Steward or Bailiff of any Lord or Lady of any Manor or Manors extending over the Whole, or over any Part of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, intended to be by such Bill inclosed, or Low Lands intended to be by such Bill drained, and also to prevent any Proprietor or Person interested, or the Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, of any Proprietor or Person interested in such Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, intended to be by such Bill inclosed, or Low Lands intended to be by such Bill drained, from acting as Commissioner, Surveyor, or Valuer, for the inclosing such Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, or for the draining such Low Lands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in every Bill for the inclosing any Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, or for the draining of any Low Lands, there be inserted an Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, to be taken by every Commissioner, Surveyor, and Valuer, of Lands intended to be by such Bill inclosed or drained, that they are not interested in the

Lands so intended to be inclosed of drained, or is Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, of any Person so interested.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Lord Granville Levejon Gower reported froth the Corti- Report from mittee, who were appointed to consider of giving Powers to Justices of the Peace, for the more effec- considerot tually repairing County Bridges, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; Bridge! and to whom the Report which, upon the 30th Day of May 1800, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of giving Power to Justices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, and also Of the Steps proper to be taken previous to the building of Bridges that are to be deemed County Bridges, and of empowering Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions, to alter the Situation of County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads at the Ends thereof; and likewise to consider of empowering Justices to direct Actions to be brought, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, for Damages done to County Bridges, County Gaols, Bridewells, and other County Works, was referred; and who were instrufted to consider of the several Matters referred to in the said Report; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Powers given by the different Statutes now in Force, relative to the Repair of County Bridges, are in some Respects defective.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Surveyors of County Bridges, appointed by Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions,

should have the same Power to get, take, and carry away Stones, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for the Repair of Roads over Bridges, and the Roads for the Space of Three Hundred Feet at each of the Ends thereof, as are given to the Surveyors of Highways by virtue of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, making Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby, in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Justices of the Peace, in General Quarter Sessions, should be empowered to alter the Situation of County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads, for the Space of Three Hundred Feet at each of the Ends thereof, and to order their Surveyor to agree for the Recompence to be made for the Ground to be taken for those Purposes; and, if the said Surveyor cannot agree with the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who are seised and possess'ed of such Ground, or if they cannot be found, or shall refuse to treat, or take such Recompence as shall be offered to them respectively by such Surveyor, then the said Justices shall have Power to empannel a Jury at the Quarter Sessions, to assess the Damages to be given, and the Recompence to be made to the Owners, and others, interested in the said Grounds, in the Manner directed by the said Act, of the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of the widening of Highways; and if the Jury shall give a Verdict for more Money than was offered by the said Surveyor, the Costs of the Proceedings to be paid by the said Surveyor; but if the Jury shall give a Verdict for no more, or for less, than was offered by the Surveyor, then the Costs to be paid by the Person, or Body Corporate,

4i Geo. IIL 190

porate, who refused to accept the Satisfaction so offered to him; and that on Payment or Tender of the Money so to be awarded, on leaving it in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace, if the Party entitled to receive it cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept it, the Interest of such Person shall beditrested out of him j saying nevertheless to the Owner of the Ground all Mines and Minerals which may be got without breaking the Ground, and all Timber and Wood growing on such Ground.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers and Provisions of the said Statute, of the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to Highways, and the Surveyors of Highways in general* be extended to County Bridges, and Roads at the Ends thereof, and the Surveyors of such Bridges and Roads, as far as the same can be extended and applied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inhabitants of Counties should^have Power of firing, and being sued, in the Name of their Surveyor, or iome other public Officer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Counties should not be bound to maintain and repair any Bridge hereafter to be built, unless the Afagi ft rates, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, should determine that such Bridge is necessary to be built for the Purposes of the Public, and should consent thereto.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the AaChpaffed'a adj°urned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ^e ' ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

And the ingrossed Clause for allowing Officers of the Militia of England, quartered in Scotland, to fit on Courts Martial, in Conjunction with Officers of the Militia of Scotland, was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 5. 1. 19. To leave out " Fifteenth " and insert " First " instead thereof.

' I. 20. To leave out " " and insert "

" gnfi " instead thereof.

1. 22. To leave out " Fifteenth" and insert " Firfi," and to leave out " "

and insert " August "instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Addreis for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to re(pealingt>erS D*s Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Grcuadj. Directions that there be laid before this House, Copy of a Circular Letter from the Right honourable Dundas to the President of the Island of Grenada, dated 2d August 1792, and referred to in a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Mr. President Williams, dated 4th October 1792; and also so much of a Letter from Lieutenant General Mathew to the Right honourable William Windham Grenville, dated Grenada, 6 th April

Mali. 433

1790; as relates to the Grant of Negro Labour on the Part of that Island.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council;

A Petition of John Kemey\ Gardner; Esquire, oh Petition of Behalf of himself, and his Two Sifters, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That by an Act, present»Pe-passed in the Year 1794; to enable the Lords Commis- tltion« fioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum should be paid into the Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage therein mentioned to have been made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire*

(the Petitioner's Father) In Trull for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, it was enacted, that, in same it should appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it would be necessary to resort to the said mortgaged Pre-miles, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty, it should be lawful for them to inquire and ascertain what Sum of Money would be reasonable and proper, under the Circumstances of the Cafe, to be paid into the Exchequer, in Consideration of the Crown releasing the Estate of the said Richard Rigby from the Sum of £.40,000, Part of the Debt due from his Estate to the Crown; and that the Whole of the said late Richard Rigby's Personal Estate (except the mortgaged Property) hath been applied towards Satisfaction of his Debt to the Crown; but the Real Estates of the said Richard Rigby, being more than sufficient to discharge the Residue of the Debt, it will not be necessary to relort to the mortgaged Property, whereby the Petitioner's Family are deprived of the Relief intended for them by the said Act; and that the Petitioner, in consequence thereof, intended to petition the House for Leave to bring in a Bill ta explain and amend the said Act; but Difficulties having occurred in ascertaining the Value of the Real Estates of the said Richard Rigby, and their Sufficiency to answer the Sum remaining due from his Estate to the Crown, the Petitioner was unable to present his Petition within the Time appointed for receiving Petitions for private Bills; but such Difficulties are now removed: And therefore praying, That the House will permit a Petition to be presented for the Purpose before mentioned, notwithstanding the Time fot receiving Petitions for private Bills has elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- Leave given; cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, asdefired.

Then a Petition of John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and his Two Sifters, being ' offered to be presented to the House;

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty* having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read I Petition presetting forth, That, in the Year 1756, John Gardner fente<,< Kemeys, Esquire, the Petitioner's Father, intermarried with Miss Jane Kemeys, whereupon the Estates of the said John Gardner Kemeys,in the Island of Jamaica, then

of the Annual Value of £.1,200, or thereabouts, and also, the Estates of Miss Jane Kemeys, in the Countyi of Monmouth, of the Yearly Value 0^.350, or thereabouts, were settled, after the Death of the said John Gardner Kemeys, in strict Settlement upon the Issue Male of such Marriage, subject to the then Incumbrances of £.3,300, and also subject to a Jointure of £. 300, per Annum to Alifs Kemeys, and the Sum of £.4,000, as a Provision for the younger Children of such Marriage; and that, in the Year 1772, the Petitioner's said Father, having involved himself in Debt, as well for Money borrowed at Interest, as also taken up for Annuities granted by him to the Amount, as calculated, of £.44,026, applied to Parliament to open the Settlement, and to make a

Security

A. 1801.

19* Mail.

Security for that Sum, in preference to the Settlement, on a Pretence, utterly unfounded, that a great Part of his Debts had been incurred for the Sums he had advanced to add new Estates to, and improve the settled Estates; and that, in consequence of the greatest Imposition on, and the most false Representations to the Legislature, an Act was passed in 1771, when the Petitioner was an-Infant of about 14 Years of Age, to open the Settlement, and to charge the Estates, both settled and unsettled, with the Sum of £.44,026, and the growing Interest of the Debts, and Arrears of the Annuities, in Preference to the Settlement; and in that Year, the late Right honourableRichardRigbyadvanced the Sum of^. 48,000, on a Mortgage made by the Trustees of the Ad; but, it appearing that the Trustees had exceeded their Power, the Principal of the said Mortgage was afterwards reduced by a Decree of the Court of Chancery to £.41,386. 13J. 6 d.; and that, in 1793, the Petitioner's said Father died insolvent, leaving the said Jane Gardner Kemeys,his Widow, and the Petitioner, his only

Son, and Jane Gardner Kemeys, now the Wife of Providence Hansard, Esquire, and Margaret Gardner

Kemeys, his only Daughters him surviving; and, upon that Event, the Petitioner, on looking into his Affairs, found himself absolutely ruined, his Estate taken from him, and not only himself, but also his Mother and his Two Sifters, left entirely destitute of any Provision, they having no other Fortune but what was intended for them by the above Settlement; and it being supposed that the said Richard Rigby s Mortgage would exhaust the whole Estate, as there was, then due on that Mortgage about £.54,500* for Principal, Interest, and Costs, and it not being probable that both the settled and unsettled Estates would fell for that Sum, the Average Nett Yearly Income, from the Whole of the then lall Seven Years, being no more than about £. 1,500.; and that, with a View to give Relief to the Petitioner and his Family, in Consideration of the Hardship of their Cafe, which had been entirely occasioned by an extraordinary Interposition of the Legislature to their Prejudice, in consequence of the Imposition practised as before stated, an Act was passed in the Year 1794, whereby, after reciting to the Effect aforesaid, and that the said Richard Rig by, the Mortgagee of the aforesaid Estates, died indebted to the Crown in a very large Sum of Money, of which there was then £,140,000, and upwards due; and also reciting that it had been proposed, that the Crown should, as between itself and the liepresentatives and private Creditors of the said Richard Rigby, be considered as entitled to the Whole Benefit of the aforesaid Mortgage, and the said mortgaged Estates being estimated to be of the Value of £.40,000, it had been further proposed, that the Estate of the said Richard Rigby should be discharged from the Sum of£. 40,000, Part of the aforesaid Debt due therefrom to the Crown, which Propolal being apprehended to be highly beneficial to the lteprcfenta-tives and private Creditors of the said Richard Rigby, the same would be agreed to on their Parts; and also reciting, that the Petitioner was delirous of having the said mortgaged Estates veiled in Trust for himself and his Family, upon his procuring to be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer fuel) Sum of Money as, under the aggravated Distrefsofhis Cafe, attended with all its peculiar Circumstances, Parliament, in their Wisdom and Humanity, should think reasonable; and, in order thereto, the Petitioner humbly proposed, that it might be referred to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to inquire into, and ascertain, what Sum was reasonable and proper to be paid into the Exchequer; and that, upon such Payment being made, the Real and Personal liepresentatives of the said Richard Rigby should convey the said mortgaged Estates to proper Persons, discharged from all Claims of the Personal liepresentatives and private Creditors of the said Richard Rigby, and also from all Claims of the Crown in respect of the same Estates, and also discharged from the Trusts of the aforesaid 2

Settlement and Act of Parliament; but subject, nevertheless, in the first Place, to secure the Sum so to be paid into the'Exchequer to the Lender thereof, with Interest, and then to secure to the Sifters of the Petitioner such proportionable Provision as they should be entitled to, in respect of the Portions originally secured to them upon the said settled Estates, and subject thereto, in Trust: for the Petitioner, in Fee Simple, it was enacted, that in case it should appear to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury, that it would be necessary to resort to the said mortgaged Premises in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty, it should or might be lawful, to and for the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, and they and he were authorized and required, to inquire and ascertain what Sum of Money would be reasonable and proper, under the Circumstances of the Cafe, to be paid into the Exchequer in Consideration of the Crown's releasing and discharging the Estate of the said Richard Rigby from the Sum of £.40,000, Part of the Debt due to the Crown from the said Estate, and also in Consideration of the said mortgaged Estates being veiled in proper Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, discharged of all Claims on the Part of the Crdwn; and Provision is made by the said Act, for efteeftuating the other Purposes mentioned in the Recitals thereof; and that the Whole of the Personal Estate of the said Richard Rigby, except the mortgaged Property in question, has been applied towards Satisfaction of the said Richard Rigby's Debt to the Crown, which is thereby reduced to the Sum of £.90,000, or thereabouts: But inasmuch as the Real Estates of the said Richard Rigby are found to be more than sufficient to discharge the Residue of the said Debt to the Crown, and therefore that it will not be necessary to resort to the said mortgaged Premises to recover the Balance so due, whereby the Petitioner and his Family find themselves deprived of any Relief under the said Act, which he cannot but presume it was the Intention of the Legislature to afford them, notwithstanding the Condition above recited, which he apprehends was introduced by Mistake, as being contrary to the Object of the Petition on which the said Act was founded, and the Principle on which it was favourably received by Parliament: And therefore Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said last mentioned Act in the Particular aforesaid, or for such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stranger and Mr. The Lords

Smith: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the *

Ninth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways,

Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets,

Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner

of


ftinton inclosure Bill.

Westimnfule laclolure Bill.

North Woo-tun, &c. Drninnge Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have pafi'cd Dun combe's Estate Bill.

Knapp's

Edate Bill.

Knapp's Ethte Bill, read.

Buncombe'* KiUe Bill, read.

4i Geo. III. 19

437

of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lituate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred, which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called lYeJlmanfidc, except i'uch Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called box Mead, or Ardington Mead', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wooton, Pilton, IVft Pennard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glafto Saint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcot, Sh

Chilton, Edington, Cojfmgton, Woolavington, Huntjpill, East

Brent, South Brent, Mark, Meare, Burnham,

Badgworth, Biddisham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puritan, Pazdet, Wookey, and the Out Parish of Saint in

Wells, in the County of Somerset-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of t h is Home: A nd al so.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for

laying out the Monies toarife therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in Lieu ^hereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, Esquire, deceased, which, by his Will, were devised in strict Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real Estates; and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be invested in the Purchase of other Lands; and that the Lands to be so purchased, and also such Part of the Lands, to be veiled in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall not be fold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthezv Knapp, concerning his Real Estates deviled in strict Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, Esquire, deceased, which, by his Will, were devised in strict Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for discharging the dn-cumbrances afiedting the same Real Estates; and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be invested in the Purchase of other Lands, and that the Lands to be so purchased, and also such Part of the Lands to be veiled in Trustees as aforesaid,- as shall not be fold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel MatthezvKnapp, concerning his Real Estates deviled in strict Settlement, was read the First Time.

RefolvcJ, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out t he Monies to arile therefrom in the Purchase of^other Estates, to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the hirit Time.

Rest bed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

V01..56.

Ordered, That the Ashendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pilton, Pennard,

Ba/tonjborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glaston Saint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcot, Shep-wick, Moorlinch, Calcott, Chilton, Edington,

Woolavington, Huntspill, East Brent, South Brent, Mark, W'.dmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Biddisham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puri ton, Pawlet, Wookey, and the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of

Somerset, be taken into Qonsideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Day appointed for considering Lords Amendment to No t:i Wooton, «£rc. Drainage BUI.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to West Indies, Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's coum Bill, Prize Courts in the West Indies and America-, and for pretented. ' giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, Indem-a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify ponied, themielvesfor Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Report Ex-the Report was re-committed, which, upon the 7th Day Piru"g Laws‘ of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, pafl'cd in Ireland in the 37th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulatingand extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco," which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by Two Acts, of the 38th and 39th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued, and by an Act of the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 24th Day of June 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the continuing and amending the " several Acts for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries of the Ccafts of this Kingdom," which, by an Act, made in the Parliament of the said Kingdom, was continued until the 25th Day of March 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 37th Year of His

5 T present

438 19° Mail \ i Sot.

prefertt Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for collect- Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be con-" i'ng and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt," tinued, with Amendments.

'which was to Continue in Force until the 24th Day of Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

June 1798, and from thence to the End of the then next That an Act, made in Ireland in the 40th Year of th<?

Session of Parliament; and which was by Two Acts, of Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the 38th and 39th Years of the Reign of His present " better regulating the ilfuing and granting of Permits Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June " and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection 1800, and from thence until the End of the then next " of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and Session of Parliament, and by an Act of the 40th Year " to prevent Frauds by Dealers in, or Retailers of, such of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and " Goods," which was to continue in Force until the further continued until the 29th Day of September 1801, 29th Day of 1S01, and from thence to the

and from thence to the End of the then next Session End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near ex-of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be con- piring, and fit to be continued.

tinued. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Y'ear of the That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 38th Year of His Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to secure " regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportathe Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass " tion of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom," which " Bottles, made in this Kingdom, and on Paper printed, was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June "painted, or stained, in this Kingdom, to serve for 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

" Hangings or other Ul'es, and to prevent Frauds Re, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " therein," which was to continue in Force until the That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of His 25th Day of March 1799, and from thence to the End present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by " better Regulation of, and securing the Duties payable Two Acts, of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of " on Licences to Persons engaged in the several Trades His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th " therein mentioned, and to Hawkers and Pedlars, and Day of June 1801, and from thence to the End of the " the Duties on Playing Cards, and for securing the

then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit " Expences of distraining for the King's Rates, and for to be continued. " other Purposes," which was to continue in Force

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, until the 29th Day of September 1801, and from thence That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 38th Year of His to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate near expiring, and fit to be continued.

" the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" on His Majesty's Revenue by Redifiers of Spirits," That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of the which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then continuing and amending the several Laws for regu-next Session of Parliament; and which was by Two Acts, "lating the ilfuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present " Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail,

Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day of Sep- " and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous tember 1801, and from thence to the End of the then " Liquors," which was to continue in Force until the next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to 29th Day of September 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. be continued, and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of His That an Act, passed in Ireland in the 13th and 14th present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An " better Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins " Ad to explain and amend an Act, pallid in this Seftanned and drefl'ed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parch- " fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting " ment, made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds in- " Annuities, in Manner therein provided, to l'uch PerHis Majesty's Revenue therein," which was to con- " Ions as shall voluntarily subscribe towards railing a tinue in Force until the 25th Day of March 1801, and " Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and from thence to the End of the then next Session " Sixty-five Thousand Pounds," which, by several of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be con- subsequent Acts, was continued in Force until the 25th tinued. Day of March 1801, is expired, and fit to be revived

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and continued.

That an Act, palfed in Ireland in the 40th Year of His Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for better That an Act, palfed in Ireland in the 26th Year of His " regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act forfaciliand for preventing Frauds therein; and for repealing " tating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingan Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of " dom and the United States of America," which, by " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing several subsequent Acts, was continued in Force until " and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's the 25th Day of March 1801, is expired, and fit to be " Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the revived and continued.

" Frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further " which arc mentioned to be continued by the said Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

" Ad," which was to continue in Force until the 24th

Day of June 1801, and from thence to the End of the Mr. according to Order, reported from the Report,

then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and Committee of the wdiole House, to whom it was referred lit to be continued. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him That an Act, made in Ireland in the 40th Year to report to the House which he read in his Place; of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'l'able: Where " regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the same was read, and is as followeth;

" the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits," which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, AiMhnceto was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September That the Sum of Three Hundred Thousand Pounds be i8ot, and from thence to the End of the then next granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to also rd

l'uch.

Banker; Notes Bill, deterred*

Bill to prevent

Persons in Holy Orders litting in the House of Commons, polled*.

Koops' Patent Bill, commit-. ted.

i i GIff. 10 Mail, 439

such A(fi(lance to the Queen of Portugal as may enable her Majesty to take such Measures for the Defence of her Dominions, again!1. her Enemies, as the Exigencies of Affairs may appear to require;

The laid Rel'olution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a SecOhd Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to prevent Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Pe'rfons in Holy Orders, to fit in the House of Commons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now," Rand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Pr. i. l. i. by inferring after the Word " Whereas," these Words; " Persons in Holy Orders ought not to *c be entangled with Secular Jurisdictions, (the Office " of the Ministry being of such great Importance, that " it will take up the whole Man); and for that it is " found by long Experience, that their intermeddling " with Secular Jurisdictions, hath occasioned great Mischiefs and Scandal both to Church and State: And " whereas."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inlcrted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. ult. 1. 12. by leaving out from " incurred," to the End of the Bill.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, (land Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

A Bill for more effectually securing to Matthias Koops, Gentleman, and to the Public, the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances, and for enabling him to assign the Benefit of the said Invention to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Elford, Mr. Adams, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 56.

The Order of the Day Iteing read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation and Government of Seamen. " employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom and also of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Encouragement of Mariners; and for

" other Purposes therein mentioned

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged:

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King fames the First; as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots " and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging " of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof," was; according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, General Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber 3 and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Masters and Workmen, and also between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and menial and domestic Servants, was, according to Order; read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for requiring Returns of Monies assessed to Relief of the Poor severally in the Parishes of England, for and during a Period of Ten Years, ending Easter 1801;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mdrning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England,was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for " amending, and further continuing, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in " Dublin;"

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the

Payment

Order for

Committee on Acts for Regulation of Seamen, discharged.

Bill toexphid and amend Hides and Skins Act, committed.

Bill for settling Disputes between Mailers and Servants, committed.

Poor Returns Bill, deferred.

Fines and Forfeitures Bill, deferred*

Irish Foundling Hospital Bill, deferred.

Bill to exempt Irish Member, from certain Duties, deferred.

440 19* — 20° . A. 1801.

Payment of certain Duties* such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Irelandas have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refuting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Roads in in- consider of the Resolution which was reported from deferred81''3' Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out or the altering of public Roads, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Hair Powder Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Transfer Bill, transferring the Receipt and Management of certain reported. Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A^reVfK The House was moved. That an Act, made in the ing Lmd Tax 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Ma-Redemption, jesty, intituled, "An Act for extending, from the *r 'rc ' " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, until the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Period of Preference " granted and continued by several Acts, to Bodies " Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of Land " Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers con-

"tained in the said Acts," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the jSth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend the last mentioned Act: And that Mr Mr. Bragge, and Mr. Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

biyappointed Ordered, That the Report which, upon Friday last, wnfidering was mac*e Committee of Secrecy, be taken

4

into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning Second Re.

next. Port f?m.

Committee of Secrecy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 20° die Mait;

Anno 41® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers,

MR. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Boston

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Bridge, &c mon Council, of the Borough of in the County £^£n're*

of Lincoln, was referred; 'That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That the Bridge over the River Witha in the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, is much too narrow, and at present in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and is become inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers, Carriages, and Cattle passing over the fame; and therefore, it is necessary to take down and re-build the said Bridge, and also to widen, raise, and render more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, or Ways, leading or near thereto, and to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings for that Purpose. —

And he added, That the Situation of the present Bridge is very inconvenient, and that therefore it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Borough, if the intended new Bridge was erected in a more proper and convenient Situation, very near the present Bridge; and in such Case, it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings. — Then,

Mr. Samuel Tunnard being examined, said. That the Gaol and House of Correction of the said Borough is at present in a very decayed State and Condition, and by lleafon of the confined Situation thereof, and for want of a free Circulation of Air, the said Gaol and House ot Correction is become very unhealthy and dangerous to the Lives of the Persons confined therein; and, that it is become highly necessary that the said Gaol and House of Correction should be enlarged, and a proper and fuitable Prison Yard added thereto; and for that Purpose, it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings. — And he added. That the Market Cross of the said Borough, and several of the Rooms over the fame, which are appropriated for the Transaction of public Business, within the said Borough, are too final], and at present very inconvenient and incommodious; and it is become necessary that the said Market Cross and Rooms should be enlarged, and made more convenient to Persons resorting thereto, or having Occasion to use the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council-men, of the Borough of Boston, in the county of,

to take down the Bridge over the River Witham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol, House of Correction, Market Cross, and the Rooms over the said Market Cross, within the said Borough: And that

West Deeping

and Tailing -ton Inclosure Bill, reported#

Stradfetlncio-lure Bill, plied.

Spann Smithy and Northwich Roads Bill, reported.

Embury and Edge Hill Road Bill, reported.

Mr. Vyner and Mr. Fydell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of West Deeping and' Tallington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gofie through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradfet,in the County of Norfolk, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of set, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Air. Ajiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crezve reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of zvich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stto Bridge,

and from Spittle Hill to the Town of , in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgfthe Second*, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide " Poll, near tire End of Drayton Lane, near in

‘‘ the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun " Effing,at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of War-

" zeick;" and the other, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

Vol. 56.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of,

Colville, Ou/ton, and Kirtley, otherwise Kirk/ey, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marllies, Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Colville, Oulton, and Kirtley, otherwfe in the County of

Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from FlimzvellVent, in the Parish of in the County of Svfjex, to the Town and Port ot‘ Hajlings, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,intituled, An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Paas, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John William Anderson, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erding-ton and IVitton, in the Parish of Act on juxta,

in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

5 U A Petition

Carlton, &c. Inclosure Bill, passed.

Ticeburst and H aft ings Road Bill, reported.

Paas' Nat. Bill, committed.

Erdington, &c. Inclosure Bill, reported#

A. 1801.

44a

20* Mail

Petitions of A Petition of the Butchers of the Town of Bolton Butcher*. Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Butchers of the Town and Neighbourhood of {Farrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Sef-

fion of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and Containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying. That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein, as to the House may seem just and right.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are ^nftHifton thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the and imping. Parish of Impington, in the County of , was

tonIndofure presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Saint Andrew, and Hifton Saint Etheldred, and of ton, in the County of Cambridge: and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now Hands, will be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and injurious to their Property in many respects, and more especially, inasmuch as the Quantity of Waste Land in the said Parish is very inconsiderable, and the Open Fields are in such a state of Cultivation at present, as not to be capable of being benefited by the proposed Inclosure in any Degree equal to the Expence that mull necessarily attend the fame: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may be so altered as not to extend to the said Parish of Impington; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Part of the said Bill, and also against such other Part as may affect them; and that the same may not be passed into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Gretnoclc Mr. Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to

PoUceBin?*1 wh°m the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the 13th reported. and 29th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Pupofes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde; and for ftuing out the Glebe of the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Hie same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaid the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Leicester and larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th ^drb^Igh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in committed, the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was read a Second,

Time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Legh Keck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sprauger and Mr. The Lordi Smith: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leven Canal for enabling Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to make and Bill> maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between E/£eand Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Popham Lane for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made.

in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Bill. r °* Majesty King George the Second, and the Second, Fifth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ox down Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Riugwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the county of ; and for amending and widening the Road from Riugwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to and from

a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chil-worth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cirencester for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to in the County of Wilts, and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair; the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County of Wilts, to the.

Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-bne Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term; and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Gulde/ord, to the Directing Poll near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth

Year

by v

20° Mali.

443

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale and to the Eighth

Mile Stone in the Parish of W and to Langret in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

Dover and Hythe Roads Bill.

Whitt Sheet Hill and Shaftesbury Roads Bill.

North Kyme Drainage Bill.

Thorpe Ab-botts Inclosure Bill.

Alburgh, kc. Iaclolurc Bill.

stanground Inclosure, Sc c. Bill.

Grand Junction Canal Bill, with an Amendment.

such Spirits in Lieu thereof, and on such Spirits made in Great Britain and imported into Ireland; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lords

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Im- j>a»e P»®*d ' ' ' 1 ' ' " rr^ prisonment of their Persons; to which the Lords desire jffit0fs Re i<rf

for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Committee on

Needwootl

the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the

Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from dividing, allotting) and inclosing, the Forest, or Chace, Korelt tncio Cowgate and Archcliff Fort, in Dover, through Folk ef.on, of N in the County of Stafford, is committed, jure Bill,»

to the Town of Hythe, in the County of i£ent; and for have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- ibns, Papers, repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein cords. and Records,

named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from

Archilff Fort,in Dover,to Folkestone, and from the Parish Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Reporton

of Folkestone to Hythe; without any Amendment: And further Consideration the Report from the Committee ^"'5rc* also, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Pay- further coa-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices f,dered-for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and out of Session in was re-committed, be now

keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White read.

Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Douhead Saint Andrew, in the And the said Order being read accordingly;

County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftejbury, The House proceeded to take the said Report into MilbornePort, and Sherborne,in the Counties of Dorset further Consideration.

and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of And the Amendments made by the Committee to Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; without any Amend- by the House.

ment: And also. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ingrossed. to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An ingrossed.

Act for more effectually draining and prclerving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or " Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commateeori to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, w Hofyital upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Biff, of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One

Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Abbotts, in the thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an

County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commonable 1 Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Worn in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Me of Ely;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of The Grand function Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Management, Support, and " Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin;

" and for amending, and further continuing, an Act,

" passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in " Dublin," be now read-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Elf or d took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employ-

Irish Indemnity Bill, committed.

Mattiftiall Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Trlfh Spirit* Duty Bill,with Amendments.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ments in Ireland, according to Law,be now read.

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of -tishall, in the County of Norfolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty upon Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and for granting other Duties upon upon the said Bill VoL.^56.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered,

Report on Expiring Laws, further considered.

Poor Returns

Rill, put off for Three Months#

King's Mef-sage, for granting an Annuity to Lady Abercromby, Icc,

20° Muii. A. 1801.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Report was re-committed, which, upon the 7th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived,continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First, Second, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenthl Eleventh, and Twelfth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Carry and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for requiring Returns of Monies assessed to Relief of the Poor severally in the Parishes of England, for and during a Period of Ten Years, ending Easter One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas W Young, )

letters for the 1 eas, . j 27*

Tellers for the Noes, { 68.

{Mr Ellis on$

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ligned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, having taken into His Royal Consideration the eminent and signal Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, during a long Life spent in the Service of his Country, and terminated by a glorious Death, has thought proper, in Testimony of Regard to the Memory of that distinguished Officer, to confer on his Relict, Lady Abercromby, the‘Dignity of a Barony of Great Britain, by the Title of Baronets Abercromby of AbouLir, with Remainder to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby: And being further desirous of granting to Lady and the

Two next tuccceding Heirs Male of the Body of Sir Ralph Abercromby, to whom the Title ot Baron Abercromby thall defeend, a Nett Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum, recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling His Majesty to grant such Annuity, and of extending, securing, and settling the fame, in such Manner as Hull be thought 5

most effectual for the Benefit of the Family of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby. G. R.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Melfage into Consideration.

The House was moved. That the First of the Refo- Motion for lutions which, upon the 16th Day of April last, were the Resolution agreed to by the House, might be read. of Thank* to

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read fjrrH/^'P\r* accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Refohed, NemineContradicente, That the Thanks of

" this House be given to Admiral Sir Hyde Parker, for " the able and judicious Disposition made by him of " the Force under his Command, by which the " Ships of War, forming the Line of Defence of the " Harbour of Copenhagen, were taken or destroyed on " the 2d Day of April 1801."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,. That the said Resolution be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning j It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported to the House, That AnfWto their Addresses of Thursday last, and Yesterday (that His AlJcl'elie,‘ Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, Grenada that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid p*lKfa‘ before this House) had been presented to His Majesty} and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Hawkesbury also reported to the House, Monument That their Address of Monday last (humbly to desire His R3'ph Majesty, That He would be graciously pleased to give 1 rcrom Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of the ever-lamented late Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Land Forces, on an Expedition against the French on the Coast of Egypt, Lieutenant General the Right honourable Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, who, having surmounted, by consummate Ability and Valour, the Obstacles opposed to his Landing, by local Difficulties, and a powerful and well-prepared Enemy, and having successfully establillied and maintained the successive Polittons necessary for conducting his further Operations, refilled, with signal Advantage, a desperate Attack of chosen and veteran Troops on the 21st Day of March 1801, when he re-' ceived, early in the Engagement, a mortal Wound, but remained in the Field, guiding by his Direction, and animating by his Presence, the brave Troops under his Command, till they had achieved the brilliant and important Victory obtained on that memorable Day; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence of erecting the said Monument) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He wiil give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an AcIc.°ci"nts or~ Account of the Produce of the Duties on Cards and c*rdj an(j Dice, for the last Three Years; distinguishing each Dice.

Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Deed Duty. Account of the Produce of the Three Shilling Deed Duty, imposed in 1797, for the last Two Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on Pro-Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duty on Pro- batst* bates, for Three Years, ending January 5th 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ale Licence*.

Account of the Amount of the Ale Licence Duty, for Three Years, ending August i, 1783; distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yesterday, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow,

the

Further Cob-

deration of Second Report from Committee of Sec roc/* deferred.

Accounts pre-icntcrd:

Cards and Dice.

fceed Duty.

Duty on Probates.

Ale Licences.

A^ptndix

(N#4*.)

Committee of Ways ami Means.

Portugal Wine Bill, deferred*

Supply deferred.

Sugar Drawback Bill, deferred*

20° M.

445

the Report from the Committee of Secrecy, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Further Confederation upon this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on Cards and Dice, for the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year: And al Co,

An Account of the Produce of the Three Shilling Deed Duty, imposed in 1797, for the last Two Years: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duty on Probates, for Three Years, ending January 5th 1801: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Ale Licences, for Three Years, ending ift 1783; distin-

guifhingeach Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are inl'erted in the Appendix to this Y'olume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker lelt the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committed of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee ex-Vol. ,56.

<l ported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British if Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so " much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Yeas " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation u thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugaf " exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand " Eight hundred and One," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

r

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bankers Note* Reading of the Bill for the better Prevention of the Bl11* deferrct1. Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning:

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to fj^Membera exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of from certain certain Duties, such Members of both. Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, Tlirft they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House ^'ift, upon this Day Sevennight, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Order* in refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^^iorTof consider of the several Orders in Council, which were Ruffian, &c. presented to the House upon Friday last, by Mr. Chan- shlP.s» to*e cellor of the Exchequer, relative to the Detention of C°n " Ruffian , Swedish, and DanifliShips.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ifleofMan 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Trade Act, to tuled, " An Act for the further Encouragement of the C0D ere " Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more " effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the " said Island," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Mr. Nicholas lrunfittaft presented to the House, ac- BUI to amend cording to Order, a Bill for extending the Period ot Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies R|icmptioD^ Corporateand Persons, for the Redemption of the Land presented. Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Debtors Relief for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the rCid* Imprisonment of their Persons, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

5 X An

jlI. 1801,

o o

20 - — 21

Mail

Do-An Amp- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in ciotun'm Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, passed. ' within the Parishes of Ampney, in the County of

Gloucester, and Latton and in the County of

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the county of,

and Latton and Eifey, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. John Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 2i° die Mali;

Anno 410 Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1801,

Pancras Paving Bill,

presented.

Prayers.

MR. Harcourlpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness

amptonAnd the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

LordiAmend- . The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, fore Bill, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open agreed to Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattijliall, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followefh i viz.

of- 33* 1- 5-1 Leave out "any Three of," and in Line & 6.J 6. leave out " said."

1. 13. Leave out " any Three or more of." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Act ley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

RoyftonRoad* General Adeanereported from the Committee, to Bill,reported. whom the Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the South Difbritft or Division of the Roads from Royf.on, in the county of ‘ to

Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several ' Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

andINortlI-th)r An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-Bi\i' terinS ^ie Powers,ofTwo Acts, patfed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stanthorn, to Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing,‘for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middle-zi'ich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stanthorn, to Wiusford Bridge,

and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crezve do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Pinches, was presented to the Petition of House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, aliotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste lmon incio-Lands in the Township of ficklerton,within the Parish lure of Eaton, in the County of Salop; and Setting forth.

That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against: such Parts of the said Bill as afteft his Rights and Interest, and that he may have such Relief in the Pre-mifesas to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

' Mr. Annefey reported from the Committee, to whom RendingKonrfs the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, divert- Blll» ing, and improving, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, to Bajingstokc,in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir RichardGamcn presented to the House, according winctieft.-r

to Order, a Bill for completing the Common Gaol G;'j?l>y'c-now building in and for the City of Whichever, and for P <-‘tn'wd-purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto: And tiic same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, accord- LetcomS ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable tented! 'pre* Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common

Down,

Down, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Let comb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Let-comb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Regis and

Challowaforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Bast'ett, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Lyford inclo- Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to ported.11're* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of in the

Parish of Harney, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition of A Petition of Benjamin Barker, Esquire, was presented

against Botti- *° House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for fliiminclosure allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Cam-

bridge-, and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Pro-rietor of Lands and Tenements in the said Parish, and as not been applied to for his Consent to the said Bill, and is also a Lefiee for a long Term of Years of a Mill, situate in the said Parish, uled for the Purpose of making Flour, for the improving of which the Petitioner has laid out a considerable Sum of Money; and that the said Bill contains no Provision for preserving to the Petitioner the Rights and Property in the said Mill; and the Petitioner apprehends that the Commissioners to be named in the said Bill may, if they should so think fit, avoid the said Lease, which would be a considerable Injury to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law in its present Shape; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or that such other Relief in the Premises may be given him, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Past' Nat. Mr. Savile reported from the Committee, to whom Sill, reported. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Baas, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 56.

447

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fofs 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navi- Bi)l>

commit'

" gable Communication from the Junction of the ted.

" River Fofs with the River Otife, at or near the City " of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington,

" in the North Riding of the County of York, and for " draining and improving certain. Low Lands, lying " on each Side of the said River Fofs," so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the famC, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Thornt, See.

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ani

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Petition, re-others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates Ported* within the several Townships of Thorne, Hatfield, -forth, Fishlake, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Thorne, Hatfield, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Henry Brearey being examined, said. That there are within the said Townships, Parishes, and Manors, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Lngs, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State, are incapable of being properly cultivated and improved; but, if divided and drained, embanked and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, the same would be considerably improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the several Open Common Fields, lngs.

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Hatfield, Thorne, -forth, Fishlake, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Hatfield, Thorne, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the W'eft Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according F«tc ham Into Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, closure Bill, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Com- Prele, Ued" mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom ungtostand the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other ^ted! ' Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Langtoft and Baston, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

21

Mail.

Petition of Butchers.

Petition of Tanners, &c.

Petition of Ribbon Manufacturers, against

Coventry Poor Bill.

at" M

A. 1801.

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thte Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereuhto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, being Butchers; residing within the Borough of Tezvkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and in several Parishes and Hamlets contiguous thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating the reto: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Coachmakers, and other Artificers, concerned in the cutting and using of Leather, in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf, of themselves and others, engaged in the Ribbon Manufactory in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will be injurious to the Petitioners, and to all Persons concerned or employed in the said Ribbon Manufactory, inasmuch as the Directors, intended to be appointed by the said Bill, will be enabled to establish a public Ribbon Manufactory, and the Goods, when so manufactured, will have it in their Power to fell at a much lower Price than the Petitioners, who are engaged in carrying on the said Manufactory, can afford to do, which will greatly injure the Petitioners, and their Families; and that, in the House of Industry established at the Town of Bedworth, near the

Guardians or Directors employ the Poor in manufacturing Ribbons, which Ribbons they actually fell at a Price much lower than the fair and usual manufacturing Price, which has already greatly injured the Petitioners, and prevented them from being employed, as they otherwise would have been; and they are leriously alarmed, that the Directors to be appointed by the said Bill, unless restrained therefrom, will manufacture Ribbons in the said House of Industry intended to be established, under the Provisions contained therein: And

therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- CoventrjPoot ment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Th*'rr'he

and The Holy Trinity,in the City of Coventry, and *r '"* County of the same City, Was read the Third Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Molynettx, Gentleman Ulher R«v.i Went

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to feve-al Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the -House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was rdad, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of (Hales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; 2nd that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Ker, and thd Lord Walfmgham, named also in the said Commission,

did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops, at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame:

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of,

all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit, for such limited Time, the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions w'hatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep One Horle only, for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations:

An Act to exempt Elephant Oil, sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales:

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills:

An Act for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies; and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the

Thirty-

Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act,

" passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Work- men, and to substitute other Provisions in Lieu " thereof/'as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to:

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham j and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes t

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of Seul-coates, in the East Riding of the County of j and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinfotis Gun IVharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotkerhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County; and also, divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal:

An Act for enabling Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Efke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding

of the County of York, to Leven in the said

Riding:

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of JVandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of and a

Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandf all in the County of Surrey:

An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of Upzvell and Out well, and in the Pari (lies of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Count ies of Cambridge and Norfolk:

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for more effectually draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor K or Township of North Kyme,in the County of Lincoln:"

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell to Levens and from thence through the Town of Millthrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid, to Hang Vol. 56.

Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Turnpike Road, at the Guide Post near Hall, in the County aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld:

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley, in the Parish of Datchet,to the Village of Datchein the County of

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for making, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending, and making more effectual. Four several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick, to and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge-hill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Dean-burn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldfiteam, by Szvinton Mill,to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence; to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Act Act to continue, and " render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for " repairing the Highways leading to Highgafe Gatehouse " and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act; to enable the " respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading " to Highgate Gatehouse and and from Saint

" ‘ Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from " the Great Northern Road at to the Edgeware

5 Y <c Road

4So 2i° Maii. .1801,

" Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the " said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts;

" and for making a Road from the said new Road, near " Queen's Row, to Bagnigge and for watching,

" lighting, and watering, the said Roads An Act for continuing, until the End of the First Session of Parliament which shall commence after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-two, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk,over Skipton Bridge, to Gate, ad-

joining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Ain-derby , Qucrnhow, and Nojlerfield, to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second, Fifth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdoivn Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of chester, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler s Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Rom fey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset;

and for amending and widening the Road from Ringzcood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at in the said

County:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County of Wilts,to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town or Gu/deford,to the Directing Poll near the Town

ot Farnham,in the County of Surrey:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and

to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of and

to LangretFerry, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cow gate and Fort, in Dover,

through Folkestone, to the Town of in the County of Kent-, and for repealing so much thereof as requires

the Trustees therein named to keep in Repair the l'e-veral Roads leading from A Fort, in Dover, to Fulled one, and from the Parish o to

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hi//, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the HalfWay House in the

Parish of Nether otherwise Lower , in the said

County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Field and other Lands, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotjhamand in ]th©

County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waite Groundsj within the Manor and Parish of Maidfmortod, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being, in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Wefmanjide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Aldington Mead:.

An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, (being an Estate deviled by the Will of William Langley, deceased, in strict Settlement) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samuel Baker, Esquire, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Ul'es to which the said Messuage and Premises do now Hand limited, under, and by virtue of, the said Will:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Lord Cal-thorpe, an Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene, and Mary his Wife; and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield,in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of East Halton,in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes ot Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abbotts, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wreflingworth, in the County of Bedford; and for allotting a Part of Hatley Field, in Lieu of such Parts of the same Field as are situate in the said Parish of Wrefllingworth:

An Act for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Walle Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Sotl>y, in the County of Lincoln

' An

451

An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called moore, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Devon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of otherwise

Turnzvorlh,in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Staughton, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey t

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands andvGrounds, within the Parish of Baljhain, in the County of Cambridge

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of in

the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old HurJl, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Abbotts, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wortzvell, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Stangrouud with Farcet, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely:

An Act for naturalizing Sa George Knudfcn: An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Volckers.

Coventry Poor Kill, palitd.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the ingrossed Bill for the better Belief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City;

Pr.3i. Pr. 44. Pr. 47.

63-84.

Pr.

Pr.

1.

l7-

1. 23. 1. 10.

I. 27.

1.

29.

1. 31.

To leave out from the beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 38.

To leave out from the End of the Line to " And," in Pr. 43. 1. 3.

To leave out from " directed" to " And," in Pr. 51. I. 6.

To leave out from " Parishes" to " And," in Pr. 64.1. 13.

To leave out " Ribbons" and insert " Goods" instead thereof.

To leave out " would," and insert " might" instead thereof.

To leave out " Ribbon" and to leave out from " Trade" to " be" in

f 32.

1. 38. To leave out Ribbons" and insert " Goods" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put Vot. $6.

thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parishes from being rated to the Relief of the Poof in respect of certain- Assessments.

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Mathew to Mr. Secretary Grenville-, dated Grenada, the 6th April 1790: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Henry Dundas to the President of the Council,dated Whitehall, 2d August 179Z: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Resolutions of a Meeting of " Gentlemen, Planters, and Merchants, of the Hland " of Grenada, 9th January 1793 And also.

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor to Mr. Secretary Dundas; dated 19th June 1793: And also, -

A Paper, intituled, " Grenada — Abstract of Expence " incurred by the Colony on the Fortifications, from " 1785 to 1792."

Together with a List of the said Papers;

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition- of the Proprietors of Estates in the Island of Grenada is referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Papers respect. Grenada, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Accounts re. General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door j whliefifcery he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented. House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, employed in the Greenland and South Whale Fisheries, for the Years 1797, 1798,- 1799, 1800, and 1801: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Seal Skins, and Oil, and Quantity of Head Matter,-Oil Blubber, and Whale Fins, caught by and imported in Ships employed in the Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, in the Years ending the 5th Jannary 1797,. 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1 Sox.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Lords Amend-Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving Drainaee Bill, certain Low Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes Py1 ort ,or or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pilton, West Pennard, breeMon Baltonfborough, Barton Saint David,

Glaston Saint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, , Ashcot,

Shapwick, Moor/inch, Calcott, Chilton, Edington,

Woolavington, Hunt spill, Eaf Brent, South Brent, Mark,

Wtdmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Biddifham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Pur it on, Pawlet, Wookey, and the Out-parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 40. 1. 15. After" Drainage" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A). " Provided also, and be it further " Enacted, That nothing in this " Act contained shall extend to " enable the said Commissioners to " make any such Rate or Assessment on any Lands which have " not been flooded within the " Space of Ten Years next before " the Twenty-fourth Day of June,

" which was in the Year of our

" Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, by means " of any Impediments or Obstructions in the said River Brue, or " the Outlets thereof."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendment be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House King'* Mef. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, kfanAn^1" to mt0 Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious nuity to Lady Message of Yesterday, relating to His Majesty's Re-Abenromby. commendation for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum to Lady Abercromby, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfintothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Report Way* Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, batts'of wills That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, printed, or written in Great Britain, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate of or above the Value of Six Hundred Pounds, and under the Value of One Thousand Pounds, an additional Duty of Three Pounds, and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of One Thousand Pounds, and under Two Thousand Pounds; the further Duty of Ten Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Two Thousand Pounds, and under Five Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Twenty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Five Thousand Pounds, and under Ten Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Thirty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Ten Thousand Pounds, and under Fifteen Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Fifteen Thousand Pounds, and under Twenty Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of One Hundred Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and under Thirty Thousand Pounds, the fur* ther Duty of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Thirty

Thousand Pounds, and under Forty Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Forty Thousand Pounds, and under the Value of Fifty Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Fifty Thousand Pounds, and under the Value of Sixty Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Four Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Sixty Thousand Pounds, and under Seventy Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Five Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Seventy Thousand Pounds, and under Eighty Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Six Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Eighty Thousand Pounds, and under Ninety Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Seven Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Ninety Thousand Pounds, and under One Hundred Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Eight Hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, where the Estate is of or above the Value of One Hundred Thousand Pounds, the further Duty of Nine Hundred and Forty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deeds. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of Three Shillings is chargeable, by an Act, passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be ingrafted, printed, or written in Great Britain, the additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dice.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pair of Dice made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Can1* That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pack of Playing Cards made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ale Licences. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any Licence for selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, in Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Lord George Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Meftaee from the Lords, by Mr. Stranger and Mr. The Lords Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ellesmere Cato authorize the Company of Proprietors of the El- nal BliI> lefmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chester Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of ASlon, in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts, passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Wilts and Berks Canal Sill.

Dumfries Roads Bill*

Bergh Apton, kc. incloi'urc BUI.

Punkefarell Incioiure Bill#

Cavenham incloi'urc Bill*

Totter

Heigham ln-

closure and Drainage Bill*

Boughton In-dofure Bill.

South Wat-

fiiam (nclosure and Drainage Bilk

Brighton, &c. Indolure Bill.

Blofield, &c. inclosure Bill.

The Lords

have passed

Maw's Estate Bill.

Kent Gaol Bill, committed.

2 10 A fail

453

The Lords Have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berfcs Canal Navigation, to raise Money for com-

pleting the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Miff at, and from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of A/'fen, Thur-

toa, Yelverton, Alpingtcn, and in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dunkefzvell, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen Grounds* Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands* within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Qpen Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Totter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year of Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing,allotting, and inclosing,theOpen Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South IValjliam Saint Laurence and South Saint Mary,

in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing* allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Beighton, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And ali'o*-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofield and Remblington, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the 'settled Ellaies of John Henry Maw, of Warmsworth,in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu- thereof, and to the same Uies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the " Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County " of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground " for building a Gaol for the said County, and for " empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the . Yol. 56.

" County Stock of the said Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Experices of the said Western Division* and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired; and for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the said County to hold an Annual General Sefhons, and also a Special General Sessions, for the Purpose of making a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and for regulating the Expenditure of the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now;" and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth;

Tellers for the Yeas, l i

(Nlx. friarsham: j

Tellers for the Noes, EJwa^K,mcU, IU

(Sir John Honyzvood: )

22.

20.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weymouth the Clerk of the Crown to make outg new Writ for nt* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Andrew , *

Stuart, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bankers Note* Reading of the Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers, be no.v read;

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report which was made from Harfourand the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend Two Acts, Police Bill, made in the 13th and 29th Years of the Reign of His coa~

present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters,' plying in the said Town; and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde; and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

5 Z And

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hair Powder The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bearing01 Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for transferring the Tnosier Bill, Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certifi-dcfcrred. cates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions ih respect to the said Duties so transferred;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morniilg.

Finn and The Order of the Day being read, for the Third a Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for better Payment ' eerre of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

lri(h Found- The Ordef of the Day being read, for the House to BiJ?, deferred, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Stim of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Management, Sup- port, and Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital " in Dublin; and for amending, and further corttinuing, " an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital " in Dublin

Resolved, 'J'fcat this House will. Tomorrow Morning,- resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into nity Byi*m* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ‘ fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into certain Ex- a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several finny Law». pa(fec| [n the Parliament of Ireland, for regulat-

ing the Trade, and securing the Duties on Tobacco; for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coast of Irelandj for establishing Regulations re-lpefting Annuities; and for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeo» a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Orders in Council, which were presented to the Detention of House upon Friday bA, by Mr. Chancellor of the Ex- Ruffian, &c. chequer, relative to the Detention of Ruffian, Swedish, ,p,‘ and Danish Ships;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he wfas directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pJeale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Oder, resolved itself into a Committe*« Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, ^nuie Aa. made in the 3 8 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Encouragement of " the Trade and Manufactures of the Ills of Man; for " improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the " said Bland."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Act, respect. Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to *"kLan".Tax amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His casnT' present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Brae Drain* several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the several Parishes, Chapelnes,

Villages, or Hamlets, and Places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Somerset % which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of February last; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving from Waste, and improving, certain Lands and Grounds now draining into the River Brue, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. KemeyT the Petition of John KcmeysGardner Esquire, Petition, re-

on Behalf of hinifelf, and his Two Sifters, was referred; i'ort<si' That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Year 1794, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's " Treasury, to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into " His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John " Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right

honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to " the said Lords Commissioners, that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order <c to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty," was read; whereby it appeared, that in the Year 1756, John Gardner Kemeys, El quire, the Petitioner's Father, intermarried with Mils Jane Kemeys, whereupon the Estates of the said John Gardner Kemeys, in the Island of Jamaica, then of the Annual Value of £.1,200, or thereabouts, and also, the Estates of Miss Jane Kemeys, in the County of Monmouth, of the Yearly Value of £.35o, or thereabouts, were settled, after the Death of the said John Gardner Kemeys, in strict Settlement upon the Issue Male of such Marriage, subject to the then Incumbrances of £-3,300, and also subject to a Jointure of £. 500 per Annum to Miss Kemeys, and the Sum of £. 4,000, as a Provision for the Younger Children of such Marriage; and it also appeared, that in the Year 1772, the Petitioner's said Father having involved himself in Debt, as well for Money borrowed at Interest, as also taken up for Annuities granted by. him to the Amount, as calculated, of£.44,026, applied to Parliament to open the Settlement, and to make a Security for that Sum, in Preference to the Settlement, on a Pretence, utterly unfounded, that a great Part of his Debts had been incurred for the Sums he had advanced to add new Estates to, and improve the settled Estates; and it further appeared, that in consequence of the greatest Imposition on, and the moll false Representations to the Legislature, an Act was passed in the said Year 1772, when the Petitioner was an Infant of about Fourteen Years of Age, to open the Settlement, and to charge the Estates, both settled and unsettled, with the Sum of £.44,026, and the growing Interest of the Debts and Arrears of the Annuities, in Preference to the Settlement; and in that Year 1772, the late Right honourable Richard Rigby advanced the Sum of £.48,000 on a Mortgage made by the Trustees of the Act; but it appearing that the Trustees had exceeded their Power, the Principal of the said Mortgage was afterwards reduced by a Decree of the Court of Chancery to £. 41,386. 13; and it further appeared, that in July 1793, the Petitioner's said Father died insolvent, leaving the said Jane Gardner Kemeys, his Widow, and the Petitioner, his only Son, and Jane Gardner Kemeys, now the Wife of Providence Hansard, Esquire, and Snfanna Margaret Gardner ,*

his only Daughter him surviving; and upon that Event, the Petitioner, upon looking into his Affairs, found himself absolutely ruined, his Estate taken from him, and not only himself, but also his Mothc.- and his Two Sifters, left entirely destitute of any Provision, they having no other Fortune but what was intended for them by the above Settlement; and it being supposed that the said Richard Rigby's Mortgage would exhaust the Whole Estate, as there was then due on that Mortgage about £. 54,500 for Principal, Interest, and Colts, and it not being probable, that both the settled and unsettled Estates would fell for that Sum, the Average Nett Yearly Income from the Whole of the then lait Seven Years being no more than about £. 1,500; and it furthtr appeared, that with a view to give Relief to the Petitioner and his Family, in Consideration of the Hardship of their Cafe, which had been entirely occasioned by an extraordinary Interpolation, of the Legislature, to their Prejudice, in consequence of the Imposition practised as before stated, the said Act was passed in the Year 1794, whereby, after reciting to the Vol. j6.

Effect aforesaid, and that the said Richard Rigby, the Mortgagee of the aforesaid Estates, died indebted to the Crown in a very large Sum of Money, of which there was then £.140,000 and upwards due; and also reciting that it had been proposed, that the Crown should, as between itself and the Representatives and Private Creditors of the said Richard Rigby, be considered as entitled to the Whole Benefit of the aforesaid Mortgage; and the said mortgaged Estates being estimated to be of the Value of £.40,000, it had been further proposed, that the Estate of the said Richard Rigby should be discharged from the Sum of £.40,000, Part of the aforesaid Debt due therefrom to the Crown, which Proposal being apprehended to be highly beneficial to the Representatives and Private Creditors of the said Richard Rigby, the same would be agreed to on their Parts; and also reciting, that the Petitioner was desirous of having the said mortgaged Estates veiled in Trust, for himself and his Family, upon his procuring to be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, such Sum of Money as, under the aggravated Distress of his Cafe, attended with all its peculiar Circumstances, Parliament, in their Wisdom and Humanity, should think reasonable; and in order thereto the Petitioner humbly proposed, that it might be referred to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to inquire into and ascertain what Sum was reasonable and proper to be paid into the Exchequer; and that upon such Payment being made, the Real and Personal Re-presentatives of the said Richard Rigby should convey the said mortgaged Estates to proper Persons, discharged from all Claims of the Personal Representatives and Private Creditors of the said Richard Rigby, and also from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of the same Estates, and also discharged from the Trulls of the aforesaid Settlement and Act of Parliament; but subject nevertheless, in thefirft place, to secure the Sum so to be paid into the Exchequer to the Lender thereof, with Interest, and then to secure to the Sifters of the Petitioner such proportionable Provision as they should be entitled to, in respect of the Portions originally secured to them upon the said settled Estates, and subject thereto, in Trust for the Petitioner in Fee Simple, it was enacted, that in same it should appear to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury that it would be necessary to resort to the said mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty, it should or might be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, and they and he were authorized and required, to inquire and al-certain what Sum of Money would be reasonable and proper, under the Circumstances of the Cafe, to be paid into the Exchequer, in Consideration of the Crown's releasing and discharging the Estate of the said Richard Rigby from the Sum of £.40,000, Part of the Debt due to the Crown from the said Estate; and also, in Consideration of the said mortgaged Estates being veiled in proper Persons, for the Purposes aforesaid, discharged of all Claims on the Part of the Crown; and Provision is made by the said Act for effectuating the other Purposes mentioned in the Recitals thereof; and by which Act, it further appears, that in consequence of the Condition therein contained, whereby the Relief thereby given was restrained to the Cafe, " That " in case it should appear that it would be necessary to " resort to the said mortgaged Premises, in order to " recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby " to His Majesty," the Petitioner might have received the Benefit thereby intended; notwithstanding the Demand of the Public on the Estate of the said Richard Rigby should be defeated to any Extent, yet, that he would be totally deprived of any Relief, if the . Public were to receive the Whole Balance due from the

Petition of Mr. Adams, against Cartwright's Pa*

tent Bill

A. 1801.

the said Richard Rigby, except such Sum as it might be thought proper, under the Circumstances of the Cafe, to allow the said Petitioner.

Then, the Petition upon which the said Act of the Year 1794, was founded, and His Majesty's Recommendation thereof, were read; by which it appears, that no such Condition or Limitation was therein inserted. — Then.

Mr. 'Thomas Hill Mortimer being examined, said. That the Whole of the Personal Estate of the said Richard Rigby, except the mortgaged Property in quel-tion, has been applied towards Satisfaction of the said Richard Rigby's Debt to the Crown, which is thereby reduced to the Sum of £.90,000, or thereabouts, and that the Real Estates of the said Richard Rigby are found to be more than sufficient to discharge the Residue of the said Debt to the Crown, and therefore it will not be necessary to resort to the said mortgaged Premises, to recover the Balance so due. — And,

Mr. James Somerville Foivncs being examined, said, That at the Time of passing the above-mentioned Act of the 34th of His Majesty, it was considered that it would be necessary to resort to the said mortgaged Premises, to recover the Balance due from the Estates of the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 2 2° Maii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E&tf* for veiling the Estates of John Henry , of 41 nad*

worth, in the County of lurk, El'quire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying, out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purclmie of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. BurdoH be added to the Gentle- Memt*radd«i men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, 'a Bill, f° brinsin pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of George Karl of duTure'm* IViiichilfea and Nottingham, Lord of the Manor of ston, otherwise Branston, in the County of Rutland, and the humble Petition of Gerard Noe! Noel, Esquire, and several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Manor, Lordship, and Parish of Braunston aforesaid.

Mr. Tyner presented to the House, according to Or- EastandWdt der, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and WestFens, in the County of Lincoln: presentni!

And the same was received; and read the Fit it Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tyner presented to the House, according to Wildmore Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called IVildmore Fen,in the County of Lincoln: And the presented.'

fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better and more effectually draining nonage Bill* certain Tracis of Land called IVildmore Fen, and The prefemtd. West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townfttips, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Adams, Woollen and Worsted Manufacturer, of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for veiling, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented fot Woolcombing; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner was not apprised of the Application for Leave to bring in the said Bill until after the same had been read a Second Time; and he finds, from the Provisions of the said Bill, that, if the same should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to his Interests, as he will thereby be deprived of the free Use and Exercise of his own Inventions as a Woolcomber and Woollen Manufacturer; and that the Extension of the said Letters Patent will not be productive of such Advantage to the Public as the said Edmund Cartwright has set forth in his Petition: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until the Report be received from the Committee to

whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner

be then heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said

Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard,

at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. x

Mr. Tyner presented to the House, according to Or- Boston Bridge der, a Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- *"

mon Councilmen, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Witha m,in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Goal, House of Correction, Market Cross, and the Rooms over the said Market Cross, within the said Borough:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Voices to mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and NouXta®" altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Road Bill-Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 2oth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for repairing the Road front the North End of Bridgejord Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, is committed.

Mr. Biddulph presented to the House, according to ^nnerfley, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Bi|jt present. Open and Common Fields, Commons, Moors, and ed.

Waste Lands, lying within die Manors of Kinnerjley and Hurjley, and in the Parishes of Kinnerjley and Lower

4i Geo. III. 12° Mali. 457

fetton, in the County of And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Headington Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to BUI^reported wh°m the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pab tures, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of lnciosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the'Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietor of Lands of the Annual Value of ico, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property of Persons interested in the Bill amounts to the Annual Value of £. 1,64s; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question , severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the l louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Report on

Cio)*iuft and Kuucrhitlie

Lditui bill,

iu* uier conquered.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 14th Day of this Instant May, was made front the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or front near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rotherhithe, in the said County; and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, and

Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, was committed; and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ticfhurst and An ingossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Hidings Road enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Bui,pa ed. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from FlimxvellVent, in the Parish of in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of in

the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of VOL. 56,

Two Acts, passed in the TvVelity-sixth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from well Vent, in the Parish of Ticehvrf, in the County of

Sit/jex,to the Town and Port of Hajlings, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Lord Granville LeveJonGower reported from the Com- Rockwardlne,

mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, in- fncd doling, draining, and improving, several Common Bill, reported. Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodzv.r; Moor,

Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Rockwardine,

Kxnnrrflev, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgcington and Sleap, in the Parish of High-Ercall,otherwise fycall-Mogna,in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

O

Mr. Charles Dv.ndasreported from the Committee,'to petition to

whom the Petition of the Molt n jble Aubrey Duke of amendHin-Saint Albans, and the humble Petition of the several u^ofui* Act other Perffins, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, reported, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, within the*Manor of Col-kenington, otherwise Kempton, in the Parish of Feltham, in the County of Middlefx,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Application docs not come within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure Bills, inasmuch that the Petition does not pray for a Bill for inclosing, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, or Commons; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol- ,

loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in thejaft Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open " and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other " Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste " Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of '

" Hanxvorth, Fdlham, and Sanbury, in the County of " dl efexfwas read; whereby it appeared, That Edmund Hill, Esquire, is Hated tobe Lord of the Manor of Colken-ingtou, otherwise Kempton; and that,by a Clause in the said Act, it appeared that the Commissioners are authorized and required to let out and allot unto the said Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor of Co/kenington, otherwise Kempton, such Plot or Plots of the Refiduc of the Waste Lands and Grounds in Colkenington, otherwise Kempton, thereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as should be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of such Waste Lands and Grounds, for the respective Right and Interest of the said Lord of the said Manor, in or to the said Residue <^f the said Waste Lands and Grounds, or to the Soil thereof, (exclusive of any separate or distinct Right which the said Lord

6 A might

A. 1801.

458 220 Mali.

might have in or lo the Soil of the said Waste Lands and Grounds), within, or of, or belonging to, the said Manor, and within the respective Parishesof Feltham and Sun bury: — Then,

Townley Ward, Esquire, being examined,said. That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; that at one of the Meetings of the Commissioners, the Steward or Agent of the said Edmund Hill\ and wJio had been employed as the Solicitor in procuring the said Act, produced before the Commissioners, in the Course of their Enquiries respecting some Rights claimed within the said Manor of Coikenington, otherwise Kempt on, aBook, containing the Customs of that Manor, and upon the Examination of which, the following Entry appeared therein: " In 1749 a Court of Survey of the Manor of " Cold Kensington, otherwise Kempt on, was held, and the li Jury thereupon found as follows; videlicet, "That, by f< some Agreement between Sir Robert Ke/ligrezv, Knight, u a former Lord of this Manor, and the Tenants of the u famr\ the said Sir Robert did inclose a Parcel of Kempton Lemmon, from the Corner of a Hedge called Broom-"field Corner, or Pill Corner, on the North, towards a " Gate called Kempton Gate, towards the South; and " that the said Tenants did release their Right thereto; <c and, that inConlideration thereof, the said Tenants were tc to be at Liberty to inclose the rest of the said Common u to their own Ufc, at and under the like Rents, Customs, €€ and Services, as they enjoy their inclosed Lands within u the said Manor, and the said Sir Robert Kelligreiv did " release his Right of Commonage, or depasturing Four cc Hundred Sheep on the said Common, and paid Thirty w Pounds to the Use of the Poor of Kempton; and that u everfince, the Lords of the said Manor have luccellively enjoyed the said incloicd Ground, and the Tenants enjoyed the rest of the said Common, without " the Lords having Common therein." — Then,

John Morgan, Esquire, Steward of the said Manor of Coikenington, oeing called in, produced to the Committee the original Book containing the above Entry. — And, Mr. Townley Ward being further examined, said, That during the Progress of the said Act through both Houses ol Parliament, this Agreement was unknown to the Petitioners, and their Agents; for, had they been made acquainted therewith, they should have opposed the Allows e lo made to the said Lord, by the said Act, and should have endeavoured to have procured a Clause to be inserted therein, giving them Power to try their Rights in one of His Majesty's Courts of Law in Wefiiminster Hall; that the Petitioners applied to the said Commissioners, and requested them not to make any Allotment to the said Edmund Hill, of the aforesaid One-sixteenth Part of the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor; whereupon the Commissioners, on the 14th Day of March last, made and signed a Determination to the following Effed: " We " do determine, that the said Edmund Hill has no Right " of Commonage for depasturing Four Hundred Sheep; " but the Ad declaring him Lord of the Manor of " Kempton, and directing an Allotment of One-sixteenth " to be made him as such Lord, we conceive that we " have no Jurisdiction over that Part of his Claim." — And the Witness further said. That Application has been made to the said Edmund Hill, requesting him to consent to a Trial at Law, respecting such Right, and not to set up the before-mentioned Clause in the said Act in bar of the Claim of the Petitioners; but that he has refused to comply with such ltequest: That the Petitioners are adviled, that the said Act will, in its present State, protect the said Edmund Hill, and defeat any Cl aim that may be set up by them to the said Common or Waste Land, or any Action that may be brought by them to try their Right thereto; and that inasmuch as the aforesaid Agreement was unknown at the Time the said Act was in Parliament, and as the said Edmund Hill does not appear entitled, as Lord of the said Manor of ^Coikenington, otherwise Kempton, to the Waste or Common, within that Manor, and in respect of which the said Commissioners are, by the said Act, directed and required to make such Allotment unto the said Edmund Hill, the Petitioners conceive themselves to be aggrieved and injured thereby.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesiday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chefierford, in the County of Ejjex4, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chefierfiord, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bajfimgborne, in the County of Cambridge (except within that Part of the said Parish which lies in the Hamlet of Kncefiworth) was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners named therein, (except the Proprietors of 906 Acres and 2 Roods, and 13 Common Rights, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of 90 Acres, which were under Contract to be sold, and it was not known, until it was too late to apply for the Consent of the Party, that the Purchase had taken Place; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed conlifts of 3,754 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 92 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Qne by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancafihire, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of

Proprietors

Great Chester-ford Incloiiire Bill, committed.

Little Ch oiler-ford Inclosure Bill, comma tui.

Trumpington Incbfure Bili, committed.

Baflmgbom^ Inclosure Bill, reported.

Majicfceftet'

and Bolton. Canal Bill* p relented.

Tlmrfo Har-bout* Bill, presented.

Thome, See.

Inclosure and Drainage Bill, pre l'cmed.

Petition of Land Owners, against

Bill.

Bath Writ.

Enfield Inclosure Bill, presented.

Branriflon Inclosure Bill, presented.

The Lords have agreed to

JRoyal Exchange AiTu ranee Company's Bill.

London Assurance Corporation Bill.

41 Geo. III.

2 20 Mali.

459

Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from to

Bolton, and to Bury, to raise Money to discharge the Debts of the Company, and to complete the Canal; and all'o, for altering and amending the Act for making and maintaining the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at Thurso,in the County of Caithness: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. E/lifonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the several Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Hatfield, Thorne, Stainforth, Fishlake, and Syke in the several Parishes of Hatfield, Thome, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitfield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Fiflolake,in the County of York.*, was presented

to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pal's into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioners conceive their Rights and Interests will be very materially injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a ne w Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Bath, in the County of in the

room of the Right honourable Sir Rickard Pepper Arden, now Baron A Ivan ley, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Mainvoaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Midd/efex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunsion, in the County of And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange AJJhrance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Corporation of The London Afihrance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, Vo l. 56,

employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, pallid in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to StingCrofs, and to the High Cross in Elf don, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, palfed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign/jf His present Majesty King the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads, described in the said Act of the 28th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of -ham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of aforesaid,

to Shippon, in the said C )unty of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the down of in the fame

County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of The Great and Little Heaths, otherwil'e Mwynydd, Bwchan, and Wai lying within the several Parishes of Saint John the , in Cardiff, daff, Whitchurch, Roath, and in the county of.

Glamorgan-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdl'engers withdrew.

Morpeth Ro»4 BilL

Culhira Bridge Road* BUI.

Cardiff, See* Indeiure Bill«

The Lorfl? have passed

Baum's Nat. Bill.

The House being informed that Mr Franklin, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Bounties on Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Fithc^pr#-the House, puri'uant to their Order, fenced.

An Account of the Amount of the Bounties paid in England, to Owners of Ships employed in the Greenland Fishery, in the Years 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, specifying the Amount paid to each Ship, and the respective Ports to which they belong.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- gj]/11" mon Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish committed.* of Covington, in the County of Hu, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrock, Mr. Harcourt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickinsonpresented to the House, according to Brae Drainagt

Order, a Bill for draining, preserving from Waste, and improving, certain Lands and Grounds therein described, now draining into the River Brue, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A BUI

H. 1801.

22° Mail.

A Bill for paving, {leaning, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pallages, and public Places, within the Par i 111 of wick, in the County of and for removing and

preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obltrudions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police there; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Baiket Men and Baiket Women, within the said Parish of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Pttlteney, Sir James Pulteney, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 2 ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the lload froth a certain Gate in the Turnpike Road at or rear the South End of the Town of on the Green,

in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Ahnaric Spencer, See.: And they' are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the inclosure Bill, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-comnutte . mon pastures> anc] other Commonable and Waste Lands,

within the Tything or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloiicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worrefer, Admiral Berkeley, And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ripjlelnelo. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing cer-committed. *a‘n Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Edward Foley, See.And they are . to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Batbwkk Paving, &C, . Bill, committed.

Weston oii

the Green Roads Bill, committed.

Cheltenham

giving Powers to Jnflices of the Peace, for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being leve-rally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Ilefolutions: And that Lord Granville and Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, sixth Repo-t appointed to consider of the present High Price of Pro- fl?nC&ra-visions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion there- PruinJ*. upon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progrds in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seihon.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Resolved, That this House will, at the I{iling of Housenefohrf the House this Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Papers rc-ofa Letter from the Right honourable Lord Grenville to of Ad-the Lords of the Admiralty; dated Downing Street, 23d miralty, <x-Dec ember 1800. lieicJ*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from EvanNepean, Esquire, to George Ham-

mond, Esquire; dated Admiralty Office, 13th January 1801; inclosing one from the Advocate General and Advocate of the Admiralty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Grenville to the Lords of the Admiralty; dated Doivning Street,

January 1801.

Greenock An ingrossed Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the

Harbour and 13th and 29th Years of the Reign of His present Ma-paiTal.BlJf' jesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the

Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters and Carters, plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde; and for feuing out die Glebe of the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the . laid Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watchmen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde-, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

JuTto repair. The House*, according to Order, proceeded to take into in-of County further Consideration the Report which was made from Vier'couiider. l^e Committee, who were appointed to consider of ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee)* to resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Resolution which was reported from Roadsinln-the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, vioiureBJJs, which was made from the Committee appointed to con- eer lider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, lb far as respects the letting out or the altering of public Roads, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Flint flay Morning next, rdolve itself into the said Committee.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, g^JJjunc. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of The tion canal Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Bill, agreed Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of tf>" the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 26.1.20. Leave out from Majesty" to "and,"

.in Press 27. Line 12.

The -

4i Geo. III.

22

Matt.

Papers re*

i'pccVing Courts of Admiralty, prelected.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Orckred, That Mr. Freredo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Garthfhore presented to the House, pursuant to

their Orders,

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord

" Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting " Annuities, in Manner therein provided, to such Persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards railing a " Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and " Sixty-fiveThoufand Pounds," which, by several luh-sequent Acts, was continued in Force until the 25th Day of March 1801, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, palfed in Ireland in the 46th Year of His

Grenville to the Lords of the Admiralty; dated Downing present Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act for lacili-

Street, 23d December 1800: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Esquire, to

George Hammond, Esquire; dated Admiralty , 13th

'January 1801: inclosing one from the Advocate General and Advocate of the Admiralty: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord

tating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America,'' which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued iu Force until the 25th Day of March 1801, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second

Account of Portugal Wine import^ cd, ordered*

Report oh tertain Expir* ing Laws. — Ireland.

Grenville to the Lords of the Admiralty ;,dated Downing Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth of the Resolutions, which upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee to whom the Report was re-committed, which, upon the 7th Day of this lnstant was made from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report _ their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which

distineuifhme each ^iem are fi* to revived, continued, or made perpetual, and which Resolutions were agreed to by the House upon iV\ednesday last, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Three First of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Corry and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Street, 22d January 1801

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Portugal and Madeira Wines imported into the several Ports of England in the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800 Year.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was'referred to consider of several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Trade, and feeurii.g the Duties on Tobacco for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coast of I; for establishing Regulations respecting Annuities; and for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in Irelandin the 37th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for " securing the Duties payable upon the Import and " Manufacture of Tobacco," which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of 179S, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by Two Acts, of the 38th and 39th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued, and by an Act of the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 24th Day of June 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiiing, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the continuing and amending the " several Acts for the further Improvement and Exten-u lion of the Fisheries of the Coalls of this Kingdom," which, by an Act made in the Parliament of the said Kingdom, was continued until the 25th Day of March 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account of General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; wlnemport-he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ed, presented. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Portugal and Madeira Wines imported into the several Ports of England in the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as 11 Kill be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix this Volume. (No. 43.)

A Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and and for

giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 2d Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

West Indies, &c. Prize Courts Bill, committed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to take into Consideration His Majesty's 1110ft Gracious iat an Act, passed in Ireland in the 15th and*i4th Mcfiage of Wednesday last, relating to His Majesty's ears of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Two

That

Years of His present " Act to explain and Vo L. 36.

lajesty amend

an Act, passed in this

Thousand Pounds per Annum to Lady

6 B

and the

Report on Kind's Mcfiage for granting an Annuity to Lady Abei crumby,

.SwC.

A. 1801.

2 2° Mail.

the Two next succeeding Heirs Male to whom the Title of Baron Abtrcromby shall descend, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House5 which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of Two Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, out of the Consolidated Fund, to commence from the Twenty-first Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon Lady of

Aboukir, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the late Sir Ralph Abertromby, to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby of Aboukir shall descend.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Netnine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Hiley

Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on Me Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Act!1* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of art Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ille of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the mom effectual Prevention of " Smuggling to and from the said Island," That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ille of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Hie of Man, and fof improving the Revenue thereof; and also, to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Couneilfor Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Detention of to consider of the several Orders in Council, which were presented to the House upon last, by Mr. Chan-

cellor of the Exchequer, relative to the Detention of Ruffian, Swedish, and Danifi Ships, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn byr Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Swedifi, and

Ships.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Riijfia, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danifi Ships: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

irish indem- Mr. Bragge ,according to Order, reported from the "orted l1' e Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to r ' indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them-ielves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa , to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty 0f" a. certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Management, Support,

" and Maintenance, of the Fouhdling Hospital in " /;«; and for amending, and further continuing, an Act,

" palfed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better " Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublinfbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Addition! cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Pro- «d.' bates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon puteTbetwcew the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Mailers and Mailers and Workmen, and also between Mailers and Servants, d«-

r t erred

Mistresses of Families and menial and domestic Servants;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *tr‘

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

"The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Portugal resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose be added to the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Laws relative to the Salt

Duties,

\ '

41 Geo. III. 22° — 2']° Mail. aH

Duties, and the Means of remedying the Inconveniences anting therefrom, and to report the fame* with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

ner Kemeys, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and his Two Sifters, was referred, be now read.

And the said Ofder being read accordingly }

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjklart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittarl reported frotn the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Imported. Mr. Nicholas Vanjittarl accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to niove the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His '* Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction . " of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late

" John Gardner Kenieys, Esquire, in Trust, for the late " Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby " to His Majesty."

And Mr. Nicholas V moved the House accordingly.

Sill ordered; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tb explain and amend an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt " due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner

uKemeys, Esquire,in Trust, for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords " Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to " the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due front the said Richard Rigby to His MajellyAnd that Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply, defer- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday red. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sti r Draw- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the back Bill, de- whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, ferrtd. and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, " granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of " His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much " of an Act, made in the Thirty-lccond Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the " Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; " and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand .«« Eight hundred and One," was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for transferring the Hair Powder Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Cefti- g'eCj ml ficates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Transter Bill, Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the drfer«d. Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and al so, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be read the Third Time upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock. *

Mercurii) 2J0 die Mail $

Anno 41* Georgii III*11 Regis, iSot.

Pray e rs.

MR. Blackburne, of Lancashire, reported from the Slnrples and Committee, to whom the Bill for making and ®°.1.tun Road‘ maintaining a. Road from The Lamb Inn, otherwise 1 'reporte Fletcher's Public House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton-in the-Moors, to Or near to, Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read, throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Erdingtoa,&c; the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and lncl°iure Bill. Waste Lands, within the Manors of and Wit- ^^eTh,r

row, in the Parish of Aston junta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, Cartwright's to whom the Bill for veiling, for a limited Time, in the Ratent RiI1> Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his recommitted. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Wool-combing, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Toplis the Younger, of Cuckney, in the County of Nottingham, Worsted Manufacturer, was referred;

That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's TabR:

Where the Report was read.

And the House-being informed that several other Amendments are necessury to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed. Petition of

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Mr. Adams, Adams, Woollen and Worsted Manufacturer, of Bromf-

grove, dereU.

Petition 6f Batcher* of Bridgnorth.

Castlectrrock Inclosure Bill, reported*

Petition of Lord Berkeley for Provision in Slimbridge inclosure Bill.

grove, in the County of Worcester which was presented to the Houseupon Friday last:, might be'again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, now using and exercising the Trade of Butchers, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horie Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and either to repeal the said Act, or otherwise give them such Relief, as to the House shall.seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Morpeth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Cajilecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 7 old. who refused to lign the Bill; and the Proprietor of an Estate assessed at is. 4 d.who declared himself neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at 7 10 d.

who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, is assessed to the Land Tax at £.16. 4 and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Berkeley, a principal Owner of Estates in the several Parishes of Slimbridge, Cam, and Coaler, in the County of G/oncester, was presented to the House, and rpad; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open and Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester; and Setting forth, That surrounded by, or extending into, the Lands and Grounds proposed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by the said Bill, lie dif-perfect several small Pieces of Ground belonging to, and Fart of, the said several and respective Parishes of Cam -h

and Cooley, and also, surrounded by, or extending into, the said Parish of Cam, are several small Pieces of Ground belonging to, and Part of, the said Parish of Slimbridge, which are proposed to be divided and allotted under the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill; and the Petitioner is Owner of a considerable Part of the said Pieces of Ground; and that the laid1 Pieces of Ground, from their intermixed and detached Situation, are very inconveniently situated, and the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, intended by the said Bill, cannot be rendered complete, or effected, without a very increased Expence in Fencing the Allotments, unless the said intermixed and detached Pieces of Ground are exchanged and altered in their Parochial Situation, so as to obviate the Disadvantage and Inconvenience which would otherwise result from their remaining in their present State, and so as to render the Parochial Situation of each of the said Parishes more compact and convenient: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for altering the Parochial Situation of the said detached and intermixed Pieces of Land, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of WorecJler, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty; certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Shecpwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates aflelled to the Land Tax at £.52 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates affelled at £.252, who were not applied to; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, are aftelied to the Land Tax at £.2,025 per Annum-, and that no Perfo n appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue' the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the iSth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of

Chefer,

Bark way and Kccd Allot-merit Bill, reported, and re-committed.

Cliefter and Wli tclmrch Roads Bill, reported, and re-committed.

41 GEd.

270 Maiu

Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of 5Wo/>, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through to

Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of the said Roads, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Drayton in Hales, in the County of Salop; and also, the Petition of the several Persons; whole Names are there* unto subscribed, Trustees appointed under and by virtue of Two several Acts, passed in the 7th and 25th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between in the County of

Chester, and Newcastle under and from to

Nantwichaforesaid, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill. Refu/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to tile Committee to whom the same was committed.

kockwartline, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing,

&c. inclosure draining, and improving, several Common Moors, called 5j£Kr Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and \Vafte Lands, within the several Parishes of Eyton,

and Waters Upton, in the County of , and within the several Town ships of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall,otherwise Ercall , in the same County, was read tire Time.

The Amendments following wrere severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 17. 1. 33. After " Commons" to insert " and " Waste Lands." h 35. To leave out " and Waste Lands."

Pr. 64. h 3-'| To leave out " and taking Effedt." 33* )

Pr. S3. 1. 37. To leave out from " adminider" to " touching," in Pr. S4. 1. 4.

Pr. S4. 1. 17. To leave out " or produce Writings."

Pr. 85. 1. 6. To leave out or to produce Writ & 7. I "ings."

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queirion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill w'as amended at the Table accordingly.

RefolvcdiThat the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodwa W,aters Upton Moor,

and other Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Rockwan line, Eyton, Kynnerjley, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition of lord Sondes, Sic. against Kent Gaol

Bill.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lewis Lord Sondes, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Estates situate in the Eadern Division of the County of Kent,was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign Vot. 36.

of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to " enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase " a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for " the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expences of the said Western Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired; and for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special General Sessions, for the Purpose of making a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and for regulating the Expenditure of the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and,

Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be injurious to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That . they may be heard against the said Bill, by their Coun-fel, or Agents, and Witnesses, and that the same may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, Petition of rn-of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of against Dart- the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the ^Roads Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in the 1 ift and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and Setting forth, That it would be of great Convenience to the Public, if the Trustees were directed to cause the Road between Northfleet and Gravejendi.es be made, and carried in a straight Line-from, or near to, a certain Alehouse, called The Leather Bottle, in the Parish of Northfleet aforesaid, through Lands be- „ longing to John Calcrajt, Esquire, and so continuing to and through King Street, in the Town of and

that such Road will be shorter, more level, and commodious in every reiped, than the present Road between Northfleet and Gravesend, and will tend to save the Expence of repairing, by shortening the Length of Road to be repaired: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present Form; and that they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interests, or may have such other Relief in the Pretnifes as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Honywood, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry Lajcelies reported from the Committee, to Kettlebell whom the Bill for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors called Kettlewell Com- ‘

mons and Conistone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell

6 C and

466 ii° Mail. 4 A. 1801.

and Coniftone, in Kettlcweldale in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

kvendonln- Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee-, to reported. ' whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield, otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of 45 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure confills of 1,027 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Comm'ttee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Hop Market Sir William Geary presented to the House, according Bjii, present- to Order, a Bill to enable certain Persons to erect a Market for the Sale of Hops, in the Borough of wark, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bottifliam in- A Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, committed'' the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition The House was moved. That the Petition of

against refer- jamin Barker, Esquire, which was presented to the House

Iel'ord*red)m" upon Yhurfdaylaft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his

Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Knapp'sEfl* for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates, late of Bill, commit. Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, Esquire, deceased, which, le by his Will, were devised in ftrid Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for difi charging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real Estates; and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be inverted in the Purchase of other Lands; and that the Lands to be so purchased, and also such Part of the Lands to be veiled in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall not be fold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, concerning his Real Estates devised in ftrid Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Biddulph reported from the Committee, to whom CaAltFroomt, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Castle Froome, ' in the County of Hereford, and ailo a certain Common Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle-Froome, and the several Parishes of,

Muck Cowarne, and Evejbach, in the said County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 55 Acres of Land, who were neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Two Acres of Land, who had been applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure consists of 348 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Kinntrflqr, and Common Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste *c,; Lands, lying within the Manors of Kinnerjley and Hurf- ted.' ley, and in the Parishes of Kinnerjley and Letton,

in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Biddulph, Sir Francis Sykes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for draining, preferring from Waste, and im- Brue Drainage proving, certain Lands and Grounds therein described, ^j1, commit, now draining into the River Brue, in the County of Smerfet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Haddock In-cl.ofure BiJl, reported.

Winchester Gaol Bill, committed.

iJraunfton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petitions of Land Owners, against Kin-aerfley* See. Inclosure Bill.

41 Geo. III.

2 70 M.

467

in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickin-

son, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir HenryPaulet S' John Mildmay reported from the

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Parish of Hadjlock, in the County of

EJ'ex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Billsof Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Estates having Right of Common upon the Lands for veiling the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, of mined.

to be inclosed, assessed to the Land Tax at £.4, 8j» Warmfw in the County of York, Esquire, in Truf-

who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors tees> to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies

of Estates assessed at £. 1.6 s.who were neuter; and that thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of

the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled

"" in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr,

Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 126. 4r.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for completing the Common Gaol now build* ing in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Lamefievand doling, certain Commons, and other Commonable Tanfield in-Lands, called Blackburn Fell, Burdon Moor, Hedley Fell, pa°ffe<L Kibblesworth Common, and Beamish East Moor, otherwise Blackburn Fell, Ravensworth Town Fields, and worth South Pasture, within the Chapelries of and Yanfield, or the one of them, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, and County of Durham, was read the Third Timp.

An ingrossed Clause Was offered to be added to the

certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that nothing in the Avenues thereto, was read a Second Time. Ad contained should extend to subject any Allotment

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard set out in respect of Lands Tythe-free, or subject to a Gamon, Sir Henry Paulet S‘ John Mildmay, See.: And Modus, &c. to the Payment of any Tythe or Modus, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, &c. other than the Lands, in respect whereof such Al-

in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braun-. ston, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

lotment is made, are now liable to.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that nothing in the Ad contained should extend to alter the Operation of the Act of the 2d and 3d of Edward the Sixth, concerning the Payment of Tythes for the first Seven Years after the Improvement of Barren Heath or Waste Ground.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Parish of Kinnerfley,in the County of Hereford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Manor of Hurjley, in the Parish of Letton, in the County of be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-Hereford; tain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Parochial Chapelries of Lamejley and or one of

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, them, in the County of Durham. and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, lying Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

within the Manors of Kimieijley and Hurjley, and in the Parishes of Kinnerfley and Lower Letton, in the County of Hereford; and Setting forth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bamffshire the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present its present Form, the Rights and Interests of Parliament for the Shire of Bamff, in the room of Sir the Petitioners will be very materially injured: William Grant, who hath accepted the Office of Mailer And therefore praying, That they may be heard, and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery, by their Counsel or Agents, against such Parts

of the said Bill as ailed their Rights and In- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into terefts, and that they may have such Relief further Consideration the Report which was made from

"VOL. 56. , the fidered,

Report oil Petition to amend Han-worth, &c.

County Bridges Bill, presented.

Day appointed

for further considering Report respecting Places held by I ri Hi Members.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy, further conljdered.

a68 if Mdii. 1801.

the Comfnitlee, to whom the Petition of the Mod noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Colkeningtonotherwise , in the Parish of Feltham,in the County of was

referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report iilto further Consideration.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing; " allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common " Fields, Meadows, and Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands " and Grounds, within the several Parishes of " worth, Feltham, and Sunbury,in the County of d/efex," as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare,

and bring in, the fame*

Lord G'rdnvllleLevefon Gower prefehted to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondeley be added to the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to the Salt Duties, and the Means of remedying the Inconveniences arising therefrom, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 8th Day of this Instant May,was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Fourth Article of the Union between and Ireland, as enacts,' That no greater Number of Members than Twenty, holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be capable of fittingin the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, until an Act shall have passed in the said Parliament, providing in what Cales Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be incapable of being Members of the said House of Commons; and to consider in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be declared to be liable to such Incapacity, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 15th Day of this Instant May,was made from the Committee of Secrecy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the said Report was again read.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " amending, and further continuing, until the Twentyfourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and " One, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the "Suppression Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within " that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; ,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, the said Act: And that Mr. Abbot, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lee, Mr. Ogle, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill for indemnifying such Persons as since the ill Day of February 1793, have acted in the apprehending, imprison-. ing, or detaining in Custody, iri Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Mr. Solicitor

General, and Mr; Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradfet, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other Public Passages and Paces within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hnllamshire,in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Mod honourable James Marquis of Salisbury, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Refid ue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles; and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt, Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effeCluating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment, in Bury Saint ,in the County

Bill to coiti tinue Irish Acts for the Suppression Rebellion, ordered.

Habeas Corpus Suspenliod Indemnity Bill* ordered.

The Lords have agreed 16

Great Abing-f ton Irtclofurt Bill.

Stradfet fn cioiufc Bill.

Rothertiatn Market, &c. Bill

Illhmshire Cutlers Bilb

The Lords have passed Insolvent Debtors Bill;

Marquis of Salilbu ry's filiate Bill.

Mr. Morton Pitt's Ellatc Bill.

Sir Charles Bunbury's Exchange Bill.

Mr. Morton

Pitt's Eftato Bill, read.

Sir Thomas Charles Bun-bury's Exchange Bill, read.

Irish Foundling Hospital Bill, reported,

Mr. Kemeys* Bill, presented.

Me of Man Trade Bill, presented.

41 Geo. III. 270 Mail.

4 6

County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Ba-

ronet; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt, Esquire, in the County of in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanffttart presented to the House, ac- JtuiTCfc cording to Order, a Bill to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in presented.* Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Russia, and

DanijhShips: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury. Baronet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin-, and " for amending, and further continuing, an Act, passed " in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management " of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dub/in,"was committed, the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-Morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vanffttart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what " Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in " full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage " made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in " Trust, for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in " case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners f* that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged " Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from tc the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanffttart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ifleof Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof i and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act; And the same was received; *and read the First Time.

Vo l. ^6*

Mr. Nicholas Vanffttart presented to the House, ac- Lady According to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a cer- ^^Armuity tain Annuity on Lady Abercromby Baroness Abercromby Bill,presented. of Aboukir, and the Two next Perl'ons to whom the '

Title of Baron Abtrcromby shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanffttart presented to the House, pur- Accountspre-

suant to their Order, fented.

Several Accounts, shewing what Increase or Diminu- salaries &c. tion has taken Place in the Number and Amount of of Public the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the offices>

Public Offices, for the Year 1800; viz. from the Treasury — Secretary of State, Home Department — Secretary of State, Foreign Department — Secretary of State,

War Department — Alien Office — War Office — Transport Office — Tax Office — Stamp Office — Post Office —

Hackney Coach Office — Customs — Excise — Exchequer Bill Office — Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts — Mint — Muster Master General's Office — Lottery Office — Stationary Office — Customs, Scotland — Excise, Scotland — Surveyor Crown Lands — Paymaster General — Auditor Receipt of the Exchequer — Comptroller's Army Accounts — Surveyor General of Woods —

Auditor's Land Revenue — Solicitor of the Treasury —

Barrack Office — Receiver of the ir. and 6 Duties on Penllons, he. — Remembrancer of FirftFruits — Receiver of First Fruits — Receiver of Tenths — Privy Seal Office — Signet Office — and Hawkers and Pedlars Office.

Mr. Nicholas Vanffttartaifo presented to the House,

pursuant to their Order,

An Account, ihevving the Amount of the Monies Hereditary which would have been applicable to the Expences of Revenues*

His Majesty's Civil Government in England, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His pre-ient Majesty, from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January 1801, l'o far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, lb far as the same can be ascertained: Shewing also, the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty during the same Period, in Lieu of those Revenues, and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament during the said Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debts; and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix this Volume. (No. I5-)

6 D (No. 44.)

A. 1801.

470 270 — 28° Mail.

irish indem- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third "ffed*"' Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to indemnify Per- t ' fons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices

or Employments in Ireaccording to Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Means, ikfcr- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply, defer- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House reil, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to Mis Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to exempt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House from certainref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse. Duties,.defer- to consider further of the Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Constables The Order of the Day being read, for the Second deferred? ' Reading of the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the 2 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences " of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the " Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence " against Felonsand for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Acts respect- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Red^mpUmi!X upon f*ic Bill for extending the Period of Preference deferred. ' granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Additional A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp BUi?commit- Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on ted. certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and

on Ale Licences, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mon-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Portn^m'-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Rur>r!v. the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to repeal the Duties oh Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth " Year of His present Majesty's lieign, for allowing British

" Plantation Sugar to be warehoused j for reviving so " much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating " the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation " thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar " exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One," was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JovtS) 28° die Mail;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1801.

Prayeps.

A BILL for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, Pant ns watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places which are, and shall be made, upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of be-

longing to the Right honourable^//// Dowager Baroness Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Han court, Mr. Mainzuaring, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's.

Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsbe added to the Gentle- Memberad- 1

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a lied*",w"3 1 Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Dauntii/in- 1 several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, cloture Bid. being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,' and Commonable and YVafte Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of IVilsford, otherwise IVillsford

otherwise Willcsford Dauntfey, in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of themselves, and others.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Bill prefenwi. Order, a Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of IVilsford, otherwise IVillsford Dauntfey, otherwise IVillesford Dauntfey, in the county of:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Erdington.lc the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of B"'

the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste

Melton Mowbray; Grantham Road Bill, reported.

fcoulton Incloj'ure Bill, reported.

41 Geo. III.

Waste Lands, within the Manors of and

ton, in the Parish of Aston juxta ,in the County of Warwick,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding. The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr 32. 1. 7. To leave out " out of which such Allotment shall be made to the Cottagers within the said Manor of " Erdington, as herein after is mentioned."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

RcjolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and , in

the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Corn'd mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Couhon, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax at £.I. 2 s. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at .30, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.350. 18r. per Annum-, ' and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 56. '

471

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom Holme, HaTe, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the &? inclosure Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Bl11*rtporteJ' Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-riflies of Holme, Hale, and West Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 2. 18 s.6d. per Annum, who refused to sign the

Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 15, per Annum, who could not be met with; and

that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 277. 4 r. 3 d. per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mod noble John Henry Duke of j^Tof^ut* Rutland, and the Right honourable Charles Lord Romney, iand, See. and the humble Petition of Edward Honte, Esquire, on ?g3'nlj Deep-Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands called Free Lands, situate in Deeping Fen, in the County Drainage and of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; IlKluluie Taking Notice of the Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deeping, CroivlanLang! ft, Baflon,

Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kef even and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also for draining certain Lands and Grounds in the Pari (lies of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying conti-

guous to, the North Bank of the River and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Pari (lies of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers and Welland; and also for rendering more effectual leveval Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof; and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, the Petitioners will be ftib-jest to the Payment of considerable Sums of Money in respect of the said Free Lands, for draining the said Fens,

and to a perpetual Tax for keeping the Tame Drains in Repair, whereas, by virtue of divers Acts, a certain Portion of the said Fens has been set apart to, and veiled in, certain Adventurers, Undertakers, and their Trustees, for the express Purpose of effectually draining the Whole of the said Fens, except as in the said Acts are mentioned; and that, by the said Bill, certain Powers are veiled in Commissioners and Trustees, for carrying into Execution certain new Works of Drainage, by the said Bill proposed, which, if exercised, will interfere with the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Adventurers, Undertakers, or their Trustees, by the said former Acts, and create much Confusion and Irregularity in the Mode of conducting the Works necessary for the draining the said Fens, and will materially afteft the Interell of the Petitioners in the said Free Lands; and that there are many other Objections to the said Bill, in case the same should pass into a Law as it now Hands:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered,

28° Mail.

28° M

47 2

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the l'arish of otherwise

Chclveston cum Caldecott, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cartwright, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and also, to the adding a Commissioner to the Two named in the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Sir Robert IVUUames Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 8th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; the First, for amending and widening several lioads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from,

to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brofton to the Turnpike Road at Minfterley,in the several Counties

of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and the Second, for

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from to the Turnpike Road at , in the several

Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was referred;

'That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-Cth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

2.

1801.

Mr. Thomas Jones being examined, said, That the said Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of making and repairing the said Roads, which Monies still remain due and unpaid, and the same cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and feme further and other Powers granted for those Purposes: That the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's CaJUc to Watling Street Road, at or near a certain Place in the Parish of Bishop's Castle, called The Crops Gate, to Kempt on, to the Parish of Chmbury, in the County of Salop; and also the Road brandling out of the Turnpike Road from The Red HonJ'e to Kemptcn, by EJgton, Harder ley, and over Hawkhurji Common, and joining the Turnpike Road leading from Church Stretton to Ludlow± near to the Marsh Wood; and also the Road leading from Newton Green, by IVettkton Pool and The Nezv House, and joining the Turnpike Road between Ludlow and Much Wenlock, near to a certain Farm called Elf age, otherwise E/fich, in the Parish of Diddlebury, in the said County of Salop; and also the Road leading from the Town of Bishop's Caffe by Broughton, A fan, and Penlre, and joining the present Turnpike lload leading from Bishop's Castle to Montgomery, at or near the Court House in the Parish of Churchjioke, in the said County of Montgomery; and also the Road f rom Bishop's Castle by Snead, Churchjioke, and Chirbury, and joining the present Turnpike Road leading from Montgomery to Pool, near a Public House called The Golden Cock, in the Parish of Forden, and County of Montgomery; and also the Road leading from Snead, in the County of Montgomery, by Bromley Mill through Lydham, and joining the present Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle towards Longden, in the County of Salop, at or near Lydham's Heath, in the Parish of Lydham, and County of Salop; and also the Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road from Pool to Newtown, in the County of Montgomery, at the Finger Poll: near Bryn-y-derwyn, in the Parish of LlandyJJil by Cacrhowell and Gundy, and joining the present Turnpike Road from Montgomery to Shrewsbury near Marten, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pals along the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, changed, and diverted into proper Directions, and rendered lafe and commodious lor Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 8th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Wcjibury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at A Under lev, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and jMontgo-merv, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also, for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery: And that Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, Mr. Williams IVynn, and Mr. Wilkins, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Adair reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening

Petition of Tanner*, &c«

Pet^kwi of Bivchers of Sunderland*

Little Coxwell Incioiure Bill, passed.

Charlton In-dosure Bill, passed.

widening the Roads from the East End of Brough Under Staimore, in the County of by the End of

Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bin the said County,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a.Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and Dealers in Leather, reftding in the Town of , and its

Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, which has been found very beneficial to the Leather Trade, and of considerable Advantage to the Public in general: And praying, That the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition offundry Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Butchers resident and trading within the Town and Vicinity of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durha, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof; and containing Allegations to the same Effect as the Petitions which have been before presented to the House relating thereto: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such Relief in the Premises may be granted as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of in the

Pari fli of Great Fairing don, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of L Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

Voi» 56.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Viscount Morpeth reported from the Com- Thiriwaii la-mi ttee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwalt, in the Parish of Halt-whistle,in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bilb and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at f. 1. 11 yd. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at f.i. i8j. 6{d. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 29. 4*. 41 d. per; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marquii of for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Most honourable James Marquis of Salisbury in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon; and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles; and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing and im- Portion Poad* proving the South District or Division of the Roads from Blfl* p*ired‘ Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing arid improving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, CaAte Froome, the Open Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Inci£jttre Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a cer- ,pal tain Common Meadow, called Long situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishop's Froome, Much Cowame, and in the said

County of Hereford, was read the Third Time:.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said

6 E Parish

Lete&mb Regi* Inclo-lu rc Bill, committed.

Petition of Lord Sondes,

&c. r^cnlt Kei t Gaol Bill, efened, and Counsel ordered.

Adcock's Ldate Bill, read.

Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of

Bishop's Froome, Much Cowarne, and ,in the said

County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Biddulph do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pallure, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of Eafi Chalk'jj, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the said Pmlh of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb B in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Lord VU'count Folkestone, And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Right honourable Lezvis Lord Sondes, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Estates f.tuate in the East'in Division of the County of which was

Yesterc! ;y presented to the House; and also, the Order for hearing the Petitioners, by their Counsel, upon receiving the Report from the Committee to whom the Bid for repealing so much of an Act, ma le in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting " for the Western Divisi m of the County of Kent, to " purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a " Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said " Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the M laid Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expences of the said Western Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired; and for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special General Sessions, for the Purpose of making a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and for regulating the Expenditure of the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the Petitioners desired to be heard, upon their said Petition, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committeetowhom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Estates of Joseph Adcock, Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

5

1801.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act- J1n^lveiltn.n For the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, was read the read.Wrs 1 ‘ First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and widen the Roadr. Staoiecroiv leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewhurst, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross bill, paired, aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near House,

in the said Parish of Northiam,.and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike It. ad near the Windmill in the-Parish of Beckley; and also, the Road from Staplecross' aforesaid to BoJiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and: from thence, through the Parishes of BoJiam aforesaid,

and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title -be. An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewhto in the Parish ol Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickzvall House, in the said.

Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to tho Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley; and also, the Road from Staplecross aforesaid td Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence, through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid, and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Citizens of London, confined for Luddite and Debt in His Majesty's Prison of Ludgate: And also, street"

A Petition of the poor dill relied Prisoners, confined Debtors Petj-for Debt in Giltfpur Street Compter, in the City of tlor,s-London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their DiftreIs; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

General Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to Bill to explain whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present skiiwAft, Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of an reported.

" Ad, paflld in the Second Year of King James the " First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making " Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying " thereof," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Bill for building and maintaining a Harbour and Thurso-War-Pier at Thurso, in the County of Caithness, was read a committed. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

28° Mali,

4i Geo. IIL

aff* Mail

475

Fine* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Bwfrrad the of the ingrossed Bill for better Payment of

'DiirdTime. Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Baum's Nat.: An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mi, i«d. for naturalizing John Daniel Baum, was read the First Time. - 1

Resolved,. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Conmuttet* to lit

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Lady Aber- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Aunuit*'Bin* Fading of the Bill for settling and securing a certain ' Annuity on Lady Abercromby Baronets of

Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee t)f the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Raffia, Swe- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bi^'ronuniT* Riding of the Bill to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Ruff a, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danish Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ing next, resolve itself into a Cohimittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made; That the ingrossed Bill for en- Kingston^ larging and improving the Market Place of the Town of s "nci Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street Dock Bill, from the said Market Place to the River Humber, with a P*®*1*

Dock and Wharf, or' Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town; be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Arden (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in- formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then tthe said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making . a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hair Powder Reading of the ingrossed Bill for transferring the Receipt an<t Armorial and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for Bill,

wearing Hair Powder, or uling Armorial Bearings, from deferred, the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

isle of Man Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Trade Bill, Reading of the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the swnmKt 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

County Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Bridge?-Bin, Reading of the Bill for remedying certain Defects ♦ommaied. jn jjie LaWs relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-VOL. 56*

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for Ri % and dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- SofiireBiih* mon Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, passed. Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rifby and Fornkam All Saints, in the County of Suffolk, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of and Font-ham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk,

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Houserefoivej the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning um to next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the several Sums of Money advanced by s"br‘fj.e*' &c* Way of Loan or Subsidy, to different States, from the or 6 Commencement of the present War; together with an Account of the Interest received on such Sums as have been advanced by Way of Loan.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeeo* Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill javorw Bill. from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, In the East Indies, DoClor of Physic, with Jeffy

Campbell,

a88 Mali.

Habeas Corpus Suspen-(ion Indemnity Billy presented.

Bill to continue Irish Acts for $up-pression of Rebel lion, presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Levcrisgton Drainage Bill.

The Lords have passed

Addiion's Divorce Bill.

Bill read.

Inclosures ConsolidatioTi Bill, ordered.

Report respecting Place* held by Irish Member*, further '©nfidcrtd.

A. 1801.

Campbell,his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Newbolt took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Newbolt reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined" Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying such Persons as, since the iftDay of February 1793, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said. Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, An Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and further " continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of " One thousand Eight hundred and One, Two Acts,

" parted in that Part of the United Kingdom called " Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of " the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom,

" and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of " His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Committee, who were appointed to Consider of so much of the Fourth Article of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, as enads. That no greater Number of Members than Twenty, holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, tliall be capable of fitting in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, until an Act shall have passed in the said Parliament, providing in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places shall be incapable of being Members of the said House of Commons; and to consider in what Cafes Persons holding such Offices or Places, shall be declared to be liable to such Incapacity, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Abbot, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Corry, Sir John Pa, Mr. Lee, Mr. French, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for Reco-the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to YuttoHu*' His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Right of the Majesty, or-Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and dered* Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, and Mr. Abbot, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill Finwand for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by BiMobe* Justices out of Session in England, as amended, be printed, printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Ille of Ely, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addison,her now Husband, on Account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill, from the Lords, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for consolitlating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts usually required on the parting of such Acts: And that Mr. Bragge and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon the Sth Day of this Instant May,was made trom the Scleft

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for irish Contra, regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Re- tioTBiil'or-turns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of dered.

Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland: And that Mr. , Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Corry, Sir John , Mr.

Lee, Mr. Beresford, Mr. Trench, and Mr. Henry , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order; resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the |^l}]ter*Note* better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, 4 when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of June next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Bill,

Irish Found-Jine^ Hospital Bill, paikd.

Accounts re* lpecting St.imp Duties, Ordered.

Accounts to

be printed.

Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall Wounded Seamen — and Ordnance Office — be printed be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Heading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Management, Support, and Maintenance', of the " Foundling Hospital in Dubl; and for amending, and further continuing, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse " and Foundling Hospital in Dublin," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act - for the better Management, Support, and " Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin;

" and for amending, and further continuing, an Act,

" passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital " in Dublin."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lordsi and delire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from Stamps in England,in the Year ending Jammy 5th 1801;

distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grols and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and of the Remittances and Payments thereout, between the 5th Day of January 1800 and the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distributors of Stamps in Great , and in the

Hands of the Receiver General in London, on the 5th Day of January 1800, and on the 5th Day of January 180-1; distinguishing the Town from the Country; and also, distinguishing Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums of Money paid in the Year ending 5th January i8or, into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Monies remitted by the Head Distributor of Stamps in Scotland; distinguishing each Duty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Calli received and paid on Account of the Englijkand Irish Lotteries, between the 17th Apil

1800 and 5th January 1S01; with the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General at each of the above-mentioned Periods.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken Place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of certain Public Offices, for the Year 1800; viz. from the Admiralty Office — Navy Office — Victualling Office — Office for Sick and Vol. 56.

The House being informed, that Mr. Stedman, from the Commissioners for Managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to tfte House, pursuant to their Orders, .

An Account of the Gross and Net Produde,'and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from Stamps in England, in the Year ending January 5th 1801; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and of the Remittances and Payments thereout, between the 5th Day of January 1800 and the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment: And also, .

An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distributors of Stamps \n Great Britain, and in the Hands of the Receiver General in London, on the 5th Day of January 1800, and on the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing the Town from the Country; and also, distinguishing Scotland:And also.

An Account of the several Sums of Money paid in the Year ending 5th January 1801, into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Monies remitted by the Head Distributor of Stamps in Scotland -,distinguishing each Duty i And also.

An Account of the Calli received and paid on Account of the English tend Irish Lotteries, between the 17th April 1800 and 5th January 1801, with the Amount Of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General at each of the above-mentioned Periods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. , Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts respectingStarop Duties, presentecl.

Ordered, That the Order of the‘Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill " upon the Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into, Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving, con- ther continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and <5dered* 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty', intituled,

" An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, For allowing British " Plantat ion Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving lo much " of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining " the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof;

6 F " and

47 8

;§° Mali. — T

H. iSot

K

and fof allowing certain forawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One," was committed, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Confickration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for retaining out of the Principal and Interest due on any Bond, the Fees and Stamp Duties paid on such Bond.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Act shall not extend to

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itleJf into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Resolutiort which was reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills oflnclosure, so far as respects the fettingout or the altering of public Roads;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Kelolurion rc-fpcfting-Roadi in Inclol'ure Bills, deferred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of !Thomas Buncombe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase ol other ERates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-pout, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Duncombe'$ Elfcite Bill, cornjnitted.

Importation ;uia Kxj'oiration of Copper, to bj cc:i-iCetvtl.

Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, to be con-/idered.

.Account of . Money to be granted for J.iying in Stores of Herrings, ordered.

Bill to amend A (its respetft-in;f Land Tax Redemption, deterred#

Con tables txoences Bill, deferred.

Resolved, Tint this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coniider of the Importation and Exportation of Copper.

Refolded, That (his House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole House, to considerof the Duties payable on Spirits made in, and imported from, Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Money granted by an Act of the lati Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings, and other Fish, at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to H is Majesty, by a Land Tax, be now read.

And tire said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to extend the Powers of- an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, <c An Act for the " better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the " Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence f‘ against Felons and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday

A Bill for dividing and allotting; a certain Fen, called

IVildmcre Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-pout, Mr. EHifon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Wil Jmorc Fen Allotment Bill, committed.

Lunas, i° die Junii;

Anno 410 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1S01.

PR

AYERS.

Morning next.

Em for

settling Dif-putes between Mailers anti Servants, de* ferrtd.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Matters and Workmen, and also between Matters and Miftrcflbs of Families and menial and domestic Servants, be now read.

AB1 LL for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the several Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Hatfield, 'Thorne, Stainforth, Fishlake, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Hatfield, Thorne, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellison, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber# The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Fishtake, in the County of York, which was profaned to the House upon the 22d Day of May last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConfidcVation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said. Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition

Thorne, Sec, Inclosure ants Drainage Bill* committed*

Petitions of Land Owners, against, referred, and Counsel or-ilertd.

u-

ftofton Bridge

fcc. Bill, committed.

Little By-tham, Scq. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Fetdiam tn-closure JBiiJ, committed.

Scremby Incisure Bill, presented.

last and West Fens Allotment Bill, committed.

Wildraore,

&c. JPens drainage Bill, ^ofcmitted.

41 Geo. III. i° Junii.

A Petition of divers Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Toftsteads, Inclosed and Open Field Lands, and Tenements, entitled in respect thereof to Right of Common in and upon all the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Haitcfdd, in the West Riding of the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pal's into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioners conceive their Rights and Interests will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pafsintoaLaw as it now stands; and that they may be heard* by themselves, or by their Attorney, Agents, or Count'd, against the fame, and that the House wifi grant them l'uch Relief in the Premises as shall fecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Attorney, Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard,at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen, of the Borough of in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River JVitham,in the said Borough, and to erect a

Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol, House of Correction, Market Cross, and the Rooms over the said Market Cross, within the said Borough, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. El/ifon, Mr. Fytier,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

and East Fens, in the County of Lin; and, also the Low Lands and Grounds in the' several Parishes, Town-ships, and Places, having Right of Common on she said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.' Fvner,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Adcock's to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Estates of JosephAdcock, Grazier, deccaied, and also of divers

Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Grey, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Morr'it be added to the Gentle- Member admen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Pro- ton. Set, In-prietors of the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste closure Bill. Grounds, within the Townships of and Little

JVeeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Mr. Morrit presented to the House, according to Or- Bill presented. der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Little JVeeton and Riwithin the

Township of Little JVeeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little JVeeton, Riplingham, and Hunjley, in the same Township, Parish, and Riding:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of in the County of Lincoln, was re..J a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellison, Mr. JJner, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Six John Frederick, Lord William Rv.ffd!, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vyuer presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Seremby,in the County of Lincoln, and Hamlet

of Crebby, in the same Parish: And the same was received j and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and JFeJl Fens,in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called J , and The West

Vol. 56.

Air. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two " Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over " the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon " Tyne and Gatefnead, in the County of Durham, and " making the Avenues to, and the Passages over the " lame, more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, " Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said new Stone " Bridge within the Town of in the County of Durham," and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had ex-" amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tyne Bridge Bill, reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report from Newcastle the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending and upon Tyne enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle, was committed,

Mr. Burdon

Mr. jBurjcnaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieveraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingrossed.

Port Glasgow Mr. M‘ Dove all reported ‘from the Committee, to reporud.8'11' w^om the Bill for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment?, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Bishop'3 Caf- Sir Robert Williames Vaughan presented to the House, gomery Roads acGOrc^ng to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and Bill.presented. alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 8th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop' and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at and from Brockton

to the Turnpike Road at Mhijlerley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also forwidening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads, in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery: And the same was received; and read the Fitft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ticklerfon Sir Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to Incioiure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-re^ommitttd. ta'n Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of 1 Ticklerton,within the Panih of Eaton, in the County of

Salop, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Pinches, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax at £.8..12s. per Annum; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.26. 14.5. per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be ojade to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-comrhitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committbd.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers Brough Roa<ij of Two Acts, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of Bl,i*Passed< his late Majesty King George the Second, and the :9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Under-St ainmore, in the County of by the

End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 7. After " Atkinson," to insert " John Abhot of Thorpe, John Atkinson of Thorpe, the Reverend John Fisher,

" John Gibson, Esquire, George Gibfun, the Reverend James Ho/me,

" William Hogarth of Clifton, the " Reverend John Jackson, the Reverend William D. D.

" John MounfeyofPatendale, Esquire,

" Thomas Mounfey of Thorpe, the " Reverend Thomas Myers, John " Nicholsonof Thorpe, William Pooley " of Shap, the Reverend William " Phillips, Robert Razees, George " Wheatley, Esquire."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough-under-Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. James Lozvther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Louthindo. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the tedf'1

Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for tangtostand dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the several Parishes of Langtojt and Bajion, in the County of Lincoln, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Steele (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the several Parishes of Langtojt and in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vynerdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Marquis of Saiilbury's EstateBiil, committed.

> .

Sir Charles Banbury's Exchange Bill, committed.

Castlecarrock Inclosure Bill, passed.

Thirlwal! Inclosure Bill, p^Fed.

j Hurdlow

| House and

Manchester Roads Bill, reported.

41 Geo. III. i° Junii.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Most honourable James Marquis of in Trustees, to be

fold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon; and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles; and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert Junior, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trutees of the Guildhall Feoffment in Bury Saint , in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Ba-

ronet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert Junior, Mr. Jefferies, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of same tarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gin the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Caf/ecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilfland,in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirhvall,in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirhvall, in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from Hurdlozv through Buxton, " in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of " Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster-, and " also, the Road from Hernefl Lane Head, and from " Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road " at Whaley, in the said County of and for

making and repairing a new Branch from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to, or near to, Buxton aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, together with others, being Mortgagees or Creditors under an Act, made and passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of , Hope, and

Vol. 56.

Castleton, to Sparrow Pit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindeford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tideswell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was niade, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account of

Command,- iZarie?*

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of presented. £.2,500,000, granted to His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1800, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; together with an Account of the Application of the Sum of £.11,359. 12 10

which remained unexpended in the Year 1799.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of: the House.

Note. — The Order for printing was discharged; and the said Account was withdrawn on the 3d of June, and another presented the 15th.

A Bill for making, widening, and repairing, the Road Stockport and from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Townships of committed*. Stockport, Offerton, and Marple, in the said County, and the Village of New Mills, in the County of Derby, to or near Thornfet Gate, in the said County of Derby; and a Branch from the said Road in the Township of Marple aforesaid, to or near Marple Bridge, in the said County of Chester; and another Branch from or near Thornfet Gate . aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road in the Township of in the said County of Chester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe,

Mr. Keene, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Afileyreported from the Committee, to whom Wattonand

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Carbrookein-Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, reported.* Lammas Meadows, Fens. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and Car-brooke, in the County of Norfolk, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foqnd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.132. 10s,per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except . the Proprietors of Estates act'effect to the Land Tax at £.28, per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £.1,518.

3*. Zd, per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the 6 G Committee

Mitford and Launditch Poor Bill, reported.

Holme, Hale, Jec. Inclosure Bill, passed'

Coulton inclosure Bill, passed.

Koops' Patent Bill, reported.

482 i° Junii. \ 1801.

Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing, R«din| had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments widening, diverting, and improving, the Road leading the reunto, which they had directed him to report to the from , in the County of , to in

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; diverting, and improving, the Road leading from Read-and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were ing, in the County of , to Basingstoke, in the County agreed to by the House. of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the-ingrossed. Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of His pre-' sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief " and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of " Mitford and Launditch, in the County of ,"

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the " Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme, Hale, and IVefl Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme, Hale, and West Bin the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. AJiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Coulton, in the County of Norfolk,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Coulton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. AJiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for more effectually securing to Matthias Koops, Gentleman, and to the Public, the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances, and for enabling him to assign the Benefit of the said Invention to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Bill toamend to Order, a Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An presentS.^ " Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open " and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and " other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and also, the " Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes " of Hanworth, Feltham, and Sunhury, in the County of " Middlesexas authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of petition from the City of Worcester, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That saJe^com, the present Method of felling Wheat and other Grain by Measure, in which no regular Standard is used, is Weig u productive of great Inconvenience and Deception; and that the Public labour under great Imposition in consequence of felling Potatoes and Turnips by Measurj and the Petitioners submit, that it would tend greatly to remedy thele Evils, if Wheat and all other Corn, and also Potatoes and Turnips, were sold by one fixed Weight only: And therefore praying. That the House will take the above Evils into Consideration, and provide such Remedy as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for Irifc the 24th Day of April last, that Leave be given to Courts BlP‘ bring in a Bill fb render the Process of His Majesty's ,nd another Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, in that ordered. Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions: And that Mr. Lee, Mr.

George Ponsonby, Mr. Grey, Sir John Parnell, and Mr.

O'Hara, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Beaumont, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of South Whale Fiflhery Bounties paid by the Receiver General of the Customs, in the Years ending the 5th January 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801; specifying the several Clafl'es of Ships, the Amount paid to each Ship, and the respective Ports to which they belong, as far as the same can be prepared.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

Account of Bounties*on South Whale Fishery, presented.

1

23*,

fca

If

t*

41 Geo. III.

County Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the drf«rwd.Ba1, *° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, several Parishes of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; Laws relating to the building and repairing of County and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parishes from Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read. certain Assessments; without any Amendment: And

And the said Order being read accordingly; also,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes,

Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Waste Lands, within the Day appointed The House was moved. That the Report which was several Parishes of Carlton, Colvile, Outley, and Kirtley, ReC°rtretrms tnade from the Committee, who were appointed to otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk-, without speftingCom- consider of the Persons to be appointed Commissioners, any Amendment: And also,

missioner* in Surveyors, and Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

0 ure 1 s. £)rajnage> be again read. veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Right honour-

And the same being read accordingly; able Henry Thomas Earl of Ilckester, in the Counties of

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Wilts ind Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next. other Estates of the said Earl in the said County of

Somerset, and in the County of in Lieu thereof;

Little Abing- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this ton inclosure cording, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, House: And also,

preent and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common enabling Edward , Esquire, of Burton Constable,

Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the in , in the County of York, Tenant for Life,

Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge: under the Will of his late Uncle William Constable, And the same was received; and read the First Time. Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. County of Yorkr, or some Part thereof, with the

Sums therein mentioned; and also, for enabling the Petition of Mr. A Petition of John Baldwin, of the City of Dublin, Trustees in the said Act, to raise, with the Consent of In ®oat Owner, was presented to the House, and read; the said Edward Constable, during his Life, and after &ent*Debt- Setting forth. That the Petitioner understands a Bill is his Decease, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, or* Bill. now in Contemplation of the House, for Relief of certain Sums of Money for the protedling, improv-Insolvent Debtors; and that the Petitioner, having in- ing, and increasing, the same Estates, by the Means curred Debts, has been sued for, and is unable to dif- therein described; to which the Lords desire the Con-charge the fame, and, to avoid languishing in Prison, currence of this House: And also, has been obliged to abscond from his Creditors, and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Family; and that the Petitioner is ready and willing veiling Part of the Estates of the Reverend George -

to surrender, to the Use of his Creditors, all Property dleston Purefoy Jervoise, devised by the Will of Trijlram whatsoever which he is possessed of, or entitled unto, Huddleston , Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and

and to act with every Degree of Justice: And praying, for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the That he may be included in the said Bill, and entitled Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of to the Relief thereby intended, if the same shall pass other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the into a Law. same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Irish Member* Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to presented'.1' Order, a Bill for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also, for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Irish Contro- Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to

tion*Bi»',eC* Order, a Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted presented. Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Loud* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

Coventry Poor The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M* VOL. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of " Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and " Skins in the Flaying thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Butcher shall be liable to any Penalty, where the Hide is not taken off more than a certain Distance below the Gam-brell.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed lo by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 2 c. To leave out the last Clause in- the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much

" of

Carlton, See. Inclosure Bill*

The Lord* have passed

Lord

Ilchester's Estate Bill*

Constable* Estate Bill.

Jenroife's Estate Bill.

Bill to explain and amend Hides and Skins Acts, passed.

Lymingtoit

Writ.

Irish Gourti Bill,presented.

Kotaries Bill, presented.

Account of

Distribution of £.2,500,000, ordered*

Petition of Proprietors of Estates in Grenada, reported.

Irish Ex piring Laws Bill, present* d.

" of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King James the " First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making " Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying " thereof."

Ordered, That General Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Harry Burrard Neale, Baronet, who hath accepted the Office of one of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber,

Mr. George Ponsonby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in PeTl'onal Actions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Luflnngton presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Public Notaries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That tire said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Distribution of the Sum of . 2,500,000, granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1800, with the Dates of the respective Payments.

Mr. Lufkington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Island of Grenada, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That l'uch a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glais Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or llained, to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Rcftifiers; to the further Improvement of, the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better. Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ot Exciseable Goods; to the regulating 3

the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures, and to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to inclosiireCon-

Order,a Bill for consolidating, in One Act, certain Pro- fohdatian Bill, visions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for pidulte facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Or- Trini sP,rit der, a Bill to continue and amend the several Laws in Bin!presentrf. Ireland, to regulate the ilfuing of Licences for the Sale of — Expiring Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by iaws* Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Portugaiwine Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to per- rcporwi' mit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without

Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, foraTime to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Or- irish stamp der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Or- Irish Dirtillm der, a Bill to amend and continue an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Law/ Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade " of a Distiller. and for (ccuring the Duties payable on " Ilome-made Spirits:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill

Mr. Kcmeys'* A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Bill,presented. 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid " into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of " the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late " John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, inTruft, for the late " Right honourable Richard Rigbyin case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be " necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in " order to recover the Balance due from the said " Richard Rigby to His Majesty," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lordJ!Ichef' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill* reads for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable Henry Thomas Earl of in the Counties

of IV 1 its and isomer jet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of SomerJ'et, and in the County of , in Lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jervoise'* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate Bill, for veil;ing Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddleston Pitrefoy Jervoifedevifed by the Will of Tris-tram Huddleston Jervoise, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Willsfori A Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the

ciofure'&il"* Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Mea-committed. dows. Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of Wilsford, otherwise Wills ford Dauntfey, otherwise Willesford Dauntfey, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Goddard,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tftate BUI. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

rrati. for enabling Edward Constable, Esquire, of B

ble, in Ho/derness, in the County of York, Tenant for Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William,

Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York,or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned; and also, for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raile, with the Content of the said Edward Constable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein is*mentioned, certain Sums of Money, for the protecting, improving, and increaiing,

' the same Estates, by the Means therein described, was

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts of The House being informed, that Mr. Treasurer College^pire- *o the Veterinary College, attended at the Door; he fenced. was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of the Veterinary College, during the Years 1795,

1796, 1797, 1798, 1790, and 1800: And also.

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Veterinary College, for the Year ending 21st February 1801: And also,

Vol. 56.

An Account of the Debts of t Veterinary College.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to appendix this Volume. (No. 45.)

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to supply, defer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to red. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to exempt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inih Members consider further of the Bill to exempt, for a Time to be nuties^de-1 limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Mem- ferred.' bers of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Additional resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bd^de^rred*. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional *

Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences;,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Fines and adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the B?nf deferred, ingrossed Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settlingand securing a certain Annuity on.Lady Annuity' Bill.

Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Titld of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, in Confederation of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ruffian, Swe-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon *c-shlR* the Bill to render valid all Acts done in Execution of 1 ' em Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Rujfia, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and DanijhShips.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, IfleofMan resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

6 H the

i° — 2 0 Junii. 1801.

Hitr Pnutlcr atul A'liiorul Bearings I'1 fns'er Bill, vie ter ted.

Sugar Drawback Bill, deferred.

Committee on Importation and Exportation ot Copper, deferred.

C'ommittee on Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, deterred.

Committee on Resolution reipccting Roads in Inclosurt Bills, deferred.

the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

Ordered, That the ingroifed Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing 1 lair Powder, or uiing Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Com-niiliioners lor the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in ret peel to the said Duties so transferred, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; 44 for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty- second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, 44 and regulating the Allowance of Drawback, on the

O t O § (7

44 Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Draw- backs on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One," be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation and Exportation of Copper.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Spirits made in, and imported from, Ireland.

Refohed\ That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Resolution which was reported from the Committee to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the letting out or the altering of public Roads.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2* Junii;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and haunditch, in the County of Norfolk" was read the Third'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Alitford and Latin ditch, in the County of Norfolk."

Ordered, That Mr. Aflley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Joseph George Pedley, confined upwards of Twenty Years for Debt in the King's Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That a Clause may be introduced into the present Act of Insolvency, now pending before the House, for the Relief of Persons who may have been imprisoned Twenty Years for Debt; or that the Petitioner may be included by Name, or in any other Way, that may leem meet to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr, Fel/ozves reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Baum'i Nat. Bill, committed.

Petition of Mr. Pedley, respecting Intel vent Debtors Bill.

Covington Inclosure Bill, reported.

Prayers.

Wattonand A N ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-dofure°BiliIn" JLJL doling, the Open or Common Fields, Half Year paifcd. ' or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and Car hr cuke, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of I Fat ton and Carbrooke, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Act ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

Mitford and Laumiitch *

PoOr Bid,

polled.

An ingrossed Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in tiic 15th Year of the Reign

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Hadrtock rn-the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, cl^jC Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, p within the Parish of Hadjloek, in the County of F.fjex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadfloek, in the County of Ejje.w

Ordered, That Air. Nezcbolt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, Cartwright's to whom the Bill for veiling, for a limited Time, in Patent Bill, the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of re^0Ited" Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the

foJe

: J

K

-3

St

Fofs Navigation ami Drainage Bill, reported.

Burdeefon Bridge, See. Bill, reported.

Baffingbome inclosure Bill, passed.

41 Geo. III. i° Junii.

sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Wooicombing, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of John Adams, Woollen and Worsted Manu-

fadturer, of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon flic Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Communication " from the Junction of the River Fofs with the River " Onfe, at or near the City of to Mill, in

the Parish of Stilliugton, in the North Riding of the " County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River " Fofs," so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same, was committed.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:. Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burfledon Bridge and Roads to raile a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and ‘that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingross'ed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bajjlngborne, in the County of Cambridge, (except within that Part of the said Parish which lies in the Hamlet of KneefworthJ was read the Third Time.

An ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorizing the Lords of the Manors to appeal to the Quarter Sessions, if dissatisfied with the Allotment of a Twentieth Part.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Quedion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to VOL. 56.

the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for redraining the Commissioners from allotting and inclosing the Hamlet of Kneef-

worlh, without the Consent of Sir Edward Nightingale, and of Christ's College, Cambridge; but not so as to affect

the Tythe Owners.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Quedion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paffures, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of BaJJingborne,in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingross'ed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying Headington in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common AJjcement Padures, Common Meadows, Commons, and Wade Bl »P*e Grounds, within the Parish of Headin in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

An ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Notice of setting out Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Quedion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And. that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do. carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Adair do carry to the Lords, the Mr. Adair to ingross'ed Bill for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, carryBruugh and from thence to the End of the then next Session of u^Lwdj1.' Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brongh-under-Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingross'ed Bill for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, Kettlewdl in the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons, Bl11,

and Coniflone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several F Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing, ^nd reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors called Kettlewell Commons, and Conistone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report Hull River from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the p^hfonTre-several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ported, being Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull, and Frodittg-ham Beck, from AikeBeck Month, to the Clough on the

East Corner of Fisholme, and for extending the said

Navigation

488 J 1801.

Navigation from the said Clough into, or near to, the Town the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the ' of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of said Act.

York; and of the several other Persons, whose Names That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the

are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the said Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Act, or otherwise interested in the said Navigation, was

referred. Sir Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to

Mr. Henry Lafeelles accordingly reported from the said whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-Committee, That the Committee had examined, and tain Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of

to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that Salop, was re-committed; That the Committee had the Committee had examined the Matter of the said made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the had directed him to report to the House; and he read House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: same was read; and is as followeth; viz.Where the Report was read.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the And the House being informed that feme further faiu Act was read: And, Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Mr. John Lockwood being examined, laid, That the Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Commissioners appointed by and under the said Act, Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed

have proceeded to put the same in Execution, but the to the Committee to whom the same was committed, said Navigation Hill remains defective and inefficient,

by Realbn of many Shoals in the said River and Beck, Ordered, That Sir John Honyivood do make the Report and of the crooked Course of the same; that the said from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Navigation might be greatly amended by removing the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, of Gravesend and Milton, said Shoals, and by making of Cuts where necessary, and in the County of Kent, was referred.

\vould be Hill further facilitated, and rendered lets ex- Sir John Honywood accordingly reported from the said pensive and tedious, if proper Towing Paths were made Committee, That the Committee had examined, and on the Sides thereof; and that if a Branch or Cut were found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative made by the West Beck from the said River Hull, at or to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that near a Point thereof, opposite to Emmetland,to Crops the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Landing, in the Parish of Hutton Cranswick, in the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the Riding, and from the Clough on the East Corner of House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Fisholmeaforesaid, to Frodingham Bridge, in the same wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Riding, such Branches or Cuts would be productive of same was read; and is as followeth; great Benefit to the Neighbourhood, and be of public To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Utility. — And the Witness further said. That, in order Member present informed Your Committee, That it to effect the several Works aforesaid, it is necessary would be a great Convenience to the Public if the Truf-that the Powers of the said Act should be amended tees named in the Bill, now pending in Parliament, for and enlarged, and some further Tolls or Tonnage continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two granted. several Acts, made respectively in the ill and 22d Years

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and alter and amend an Act, passed in the yth Year of the maintaining the Road from to Northfleet, and

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, " improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Fro- and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, were " ingham Beck, from A ike Beck Mouth to the Clough on directed to cause the Road between Northfleet and " the East Corner of Fisholme, and for extending the said Gravesend to be made and carried in a straight Line " Navigation from the said Clough into or near the Town from, or near to, a certain Alehouse called The Leather " of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of Bottle, in the Parish of Northfleet aforesaid, through Lands " Yorkand to extend and improve the said Naviga- belonging to John Calcraft, Esquire, and so continuing tion: And that Mr. Henry Lafeelles and Mr. Wilberforce to and through Street, in the Town of Gravesend-, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. and that such Road will be shorter, more level, and com-

modious in every Respect than the present Road between Banbury and An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Northfleet and Gravesend, and will tend to save the Ex-Road Bill* Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 26th Year of pence of repairing, by shortening the Length of Road to paired,1 ' the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, be repaired.

intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, " the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering " Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called , the Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in " The Sun Rijhig, at the Top o( Edge Hill, in the County the ill and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Maof Warwick;" and the other, passed in the 20th jesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dart-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George ford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Act, was read the Third Time. said Acts mentioned, is committed. That they have

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Power to make Provi lion in the said Bill, for carrying the be. An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and Road from Northfleet to Gravesend in a straight Line from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- from, or near to, a certain Alehouse called The Leather liament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, Bottle, in the Parish of Northfleet aforesaid, through v one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Lands belonging to John Calcraft, Esquire, and so con-late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An tinuing to and through King Street, in the Town of " Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Gravesend.

" Poll near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in ' Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Comthe County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun mittce to whom the said Bill is committed.

" RiJing, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of

Warwick-," and the other, passed in the Twentieth The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Com-. "Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George mittec, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable 3 . Frederick

Ticklerton

Inclosure Bill, reported, and again re-committed.

Petition of Inhabitants of Gravesend, &c. against Dartford Roads BUI, reported.

Petition of Lord Berkeley for Pro-

Vi/ion in Slim-bridge Inclo-i'ure Bill, reported.

Exeter Navigation Bill, reported.

Koopr Patent Bill, passed.

o cv

2 junti.

489

Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, a principal Owner of Estates in the several Parishes of Slim bridge. Cam, and

Coaley, in the County of Glowas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Corm-mittce had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

\Thomas Davis being examined, said, That surrounded by, or extending into, the Lands and Grounds proposed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by a Bill now pending in Parliament, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open and intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Wade Ground, in the Parish of Slimbridge,in the County of Gloucester, lie dispersed several small Pieces of Ground belonging to, and Part of, the said several and respective Parishes of Cam and Coaley, and also, surrounded by, or extending into, the said Parish of Cam, are several small Pieces of Ground belonging to, and Part of, the said Parish of S/imbridge, which are proposed. to be divided and allotted under the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill; and the Petitioner is Owner of a considerable Part of the said Pieces of Ground: That the said Pieces of Ground, from their intermixed and detached Situation, are very inconveniently situated, and the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, intended by the said Bill, cannot be rendered complete, or effected, without a very increased Expence in Fencing the Allotments, unless the said intermixed and detached Pieces of Ground are exchanged and altered in their Parochial Situation, foas to obviate the Disadvantage and Inconvenience which would otherwise result from their remaining in their present State, and so as to render the Parochial Situation of each of the said Parishes more compact and convenient.

Ordered, That it be an Instruft ion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open and Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exchanging and allotting, and altering, the Parochial Situations of several intermixed and detached Pieces of Land, now lying in the said Parish of Slimbridge, jnd the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the said County of Gloucester.

Sir Lawrence Pa/k reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and extending the Navigation of the Liver Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Miiis near Credit on, 1 n the County of Deby making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy as shall be necessary for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, togeth.er with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for more tft'eftually securing to Matthias Koops, Gentleman, and to the Public, the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw

Vol. 56.

and other Substances, and for enabling him to assign the Benefit of the said Invention to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -be, An Act for enabling Matthias Koops, Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances, to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops.

Ordered, That Sir William Elf or d do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Croydon and gable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey,into the River Thames,at or near a passed, certain Place called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of hithe,in the said County; and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28.1. 20. To leave out " a Bill is now dependingin" and insert " an Act has " passed in this present Session of," instead thereof.

1. 34. To leave out " proposed to be."

I. 38. To leave out " if made."

Pr. 29. 1. at. To leave out " in case the Bill above " mentioned shall pass into a Law,

" then."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rot her kit he, in the said County; and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent,with Water from the said Canal.

Ordered, That Lord William Rujfell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrafted Bill for extending and enlarging the Newcastle . Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the p^Vin'1* Corporation of the Trinity House of Neivcafile upon Tyne, passed. and for better regulating the Port 0i Newcastle, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Nevccaflleupon Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Williy Inclo-and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willy, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 1 An

Tyne Bridge Bill, passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Spann Smithy and Northwich Road* Bill.

Mansfield Road Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed

Lord Abergavenny's Kl-r.itc Bill.

F.t/gerald's Eiuic Bill.

2° Junii. A. 18 o i.

An ingossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms, and n Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth " Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new " Stone Bridge over the River between the Town " of Nezvcafile upon Tyne and in the County of

Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages " over the fame, more commodious; and for removing " and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the " Streets, Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said new " Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the " County of Durham ;" and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the TwentVreighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms, and Powers, 1 " of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of " His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a " temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone " Bridge over the River Tynbetween the Town of " Nezvcafile upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of " Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Pafsages over the fame, more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said " new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durhamand for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann , in the Township of Elton, through the Town of and by

Spittle Hill, in Stanthorn,to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Nortlnvich, in the County Palatine of Cl: filer; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajlcv, Giapzve/lHeath, and and the Liberty

of Hajhnd,to the Turnpike Road leading from the

Town of Derbx,to. the Town of , in the County of Derby, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords dclire the Concurrence of this lloule: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry NevillEarl ot to grant a

new j.eale ot certain Mines and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth; to which the Lords dclire the Concurrence of this 1 ionic: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates ot John Fitzgerald, Inquire, commonly called The knight of Ghent, iituate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for ratling, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies luriieient to pay oft Incumbrances; to which the Lords <le(ire the Concurrence of this 1 luufc.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fitr.geraid's for veiling the Estates of John Fitzgerald, Esquire, com- Blli' monly called The Knight of Glum, lituate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for railing, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off incumbrances, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lord Ahtrg*.

Act for enabling Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny, vemiJ.':iEf".

. / " r -kit , . , tate Bill, rad.

to grant a new Lease ot certain Mines and Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Church, from the Accounts Poll Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; office hpre°4 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to femed. their Orders,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due* on the 5th of January 1801, from the Officers of the Poll Office in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774 to the 5th of January 1S01; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situation they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them* and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Deputy Poll Mailers in Great Britain, on the 5th July 1800, 10th October 1800, and 5th January idoi, respectively; distinguishing their Names, and for what Places, and the Amount of their respective Disbursements and Allowances, during the Quarters severally ending upon the 5th July and 10th October iSco, and t he 51 h January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

' And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloulc.

The said Accounts are preserved ainongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Clifford, Account* from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called Prdeutcds. in; and, -at the Bar, presented to the House,'pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, since the Accounts.7 5th of January 1793, wherein any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the Progress made upon their respective Accounts, together with the Time when they were respectively delivered in, and reported upon, to the Treasury; specifyingalfo,thcTotal Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in the respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due; and the Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are ft ill unpaid; l'o far as the same can be albcrtained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty*

Treasury: And also, 1

A Lift of Officers and Departments, whose Accounts Auditors of are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts: And also,

A Lift of Persons accountable before the Commis- D*. sioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested upon Account, for Extraordinary Services:

And alib.

An Account of the Balances due to the Public upon * the Ordinary and Extraordinary Accounts depending in the Offices of the late Auditors of the Imprest, and transferred to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, wherein no Progress has been made since the same were so transferred; specifying the Nature

of

Auditors of Public Accounts.

d*:

D*.

Account of

Arrears and jS:i tenet's of Lxciie in Scotland, pre-iented;

2d Jun

491

of the last Proceeding had thereon, previous to such Transfer: And also,

A Lift of Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts since the 5th July 1785, wherein no Progress has been made,

or which have neither been stated or declared; distinguishing those which are under Examination from those on which no Proceeding has been had, specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, the Time when their Accounts were delivered in, the Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their relpcc-tive Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances due thereon: And also,

A Lift of the Accounts which were delivered over.to' the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, by the late Auditors of the Imprefts, on which anyProgrels has been made in their Office lince the 5th 1785, io far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public, upon any such Accounts; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the Time of their rdpcctive Accounts being delivered in; the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their re i pc dive Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies paid upon each Account previous to the same being stated to the Treasury, and the Time when they were l'everaliy stated; Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and stated; the Monies paid between the stating and Declaration of such Accounts; the Time when they were declared; the Balances due upon such Accounts as have been declared, and the Monies paid to the Public since the Declaration thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are still unpaid; lb far as the same can be ascertained from the Books in the said Office, or those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury: And alii',

A Lift of the Accounts which have been delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on which any Progrels has been made since the 5th of July 1785, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public upon any such Accounts; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants; the 'lime of their respective Accounts being delivered in; the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies paid upon each Account previous to the same being stated to the Treasury, and the Time when they were severally stated; Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and stated; the Monies paid between the stating and Declaration of such Account^; the Time when they were declared; the Balances due upon such Accounts as have been declared; the Monies paid to the Public since the Declaration thereof, and the Amount of such Bal ances as are fliii unpaid; lo far as the same can be ascertained from the Books in the said Office, or those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloule.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert from the Commissioners of the Excile in at-

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due, on the 5th of .1801,

from the Officers of Excile in Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 56.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed R-r°rt to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and PiUI‘s to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, That the Committee had made a further Progress, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; -and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as fol-loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now " in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at " Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain,

" Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain " Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term ol Ten Years, from the id Day of January 1787; and which was revived and further continued by Three Acts, made in the 37th, 39th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the ill Day of January 1802, is near expiling, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried " on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights," which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1786; and also, so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern " Whale Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's which,

by an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798; and which were, by Three other Acts, made in the 38th, 39th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species " of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft"

" the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen " Yarns made of Flaxwhich laid Ad was, by Two other Acts of the 10th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 17S6, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24 th Day of June 1C01, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to revive and " continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend " an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the " more effectual Encouragement of the Fisheries;

" and to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coast of " this Kingdom;" which was amended and continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the 5th Day of April 1801, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

R jolved.

Law:.

494 2° Juniu 1801.

Refolvtf That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year " of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation ot certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into, and from, " certain Ports and Places in the West and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirtysecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as " relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships; and " to much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and " Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as " prohibits the Importation of Timber into any island " under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies,from any Foreign Colony, or Plantation, in the " West Indies or South America; and so much of the said " Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of " Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or " Brunfiuick, from any Country belonging to the United " States of America as respects the Port of John, in the island of Antigua, which was to continue in Force until the 10th Day of July 1797; and which was, by an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the 10th Day of July 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities " from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign " European Sovereign, or State, in Neutral Ships, until " the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Eight hundred and One," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines " for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Poffession, at a certain Time upon which the Duties on " Importation have been paid, and for amending several " Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise," as directs that ail Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to continue in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788; and which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued until the ift Day of June 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The Six first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution, now agreed to by the 1 Ioufie: And that Mr. Bra^e, Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart, and Mr. Hi Icy Ad-dinyton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itkdt into a Committee of the whole House, to contider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed.

Accounts to Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts, which were this Day presented to the House by

Mr. Church and Mr. Robert Mitford, be printed, as shall be fmtkient for the Use of the Members of the House.

aicount of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the la particular Items of the Grols Sum of £.2,672,440, let t forth in the Account (N°. 24), pretented to this House

:c< r/M. upon the 8th Day of May lull, from the East India Com-

5

pany, as a Debt due from Government to the said Company.

Mr. Brayyei according to Order, reported from the LadyAber-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Xnno^tyMi settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Aber~ reported, cromby, Baronets Abercromby of Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby, was committed* the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Petition of Jeremiah Ellis, Clerk, Doctor in Di- PetitionofMr. vinity, Vicar of Sib fey, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Kens^iiot- Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens called The meat Bill. East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pals into a Law in its present Form, the Rights and Interest of the Petitioner, as Vicar of Sibfey aforesaid, will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Rights and Interest, and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second irish Expiring Reading of the Bill to continue several Laws, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glals Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Ex-cifeable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; and to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Googb

o (V

1 juniu

493

Irish Spirit Licences, &e. Bill, committed. — Expiring Laws.

TYifh Stamp Duties Bill, com mi t ted.

Refolded, Thdt the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue and amend the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder} and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 'uf the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Orde^ of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Irish Dlftiller* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second mitted! — Reading of the Bill to amend and continue an Act, Expiring passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties " payable on Home-made Spirits," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bfllforfettling Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House twee^Marter* *° re^Hve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nd Servants, upon the Bill for the better settling of Disputes bet ween deferred. Mailers and Workmen, and also between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and menial and do'meftic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

to be

Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Tune limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Mutioa rela-That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, convention that He will be graciously pleated to communicate to fortheEvacu-His faithful Commons, by whose Advice, Instructions ationofEgypg (dated 15th December 1799) were given to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in the Mediterranean, enjoining him not to consent, on any Account, to the Return of the French Army to France, or to their,

capitulating in any other Manner than jointly to the Allied Powers, whose Forces were employed against them, or upon any other Terms than that of giving up their Arms, and surrendering as Prisoners of War to the Allied Powers so employed; and on no Account to consent to the Return of the French Army in Egypt to France, or to their capitulating, excepting on the Conditions above stipulated; whereby His faithful Commons humbly conceive that the grand Object of Peace has been postponed, and the Seat of this calamitous, unfortunate, and expensive War, has been transferred to the very distant Coasts of Egypt, where there has already been a prodigious Expenditure of Englifk Blood and English Treasure; and this at a Time when the hostile Preparations in the Ports of France threaten an Invasion of these Realms, and when our good and old Ally Portugal, is about to fink under the Dominion of the French Republic, in consequence of that Army, which might have defended Portugal,being detached to Egypt; and, moreover, when the dangerous Question of searching Neutral Ships has raised up a new War in the Baltic, and when

Prussia has seized on the Electorate of Hanover and its Treasures; and all those unfortunate and alarming Circumstances. His faithful Commons humbly conceive, grew out of the Breach of the Convention of El Arish 1 and furthermore, with the most loyal Attachment and -affectionate Confederation, His faithful Commons humbly conceive, that, by the issuing the said Instructions,a dreadful Consequence might arile to the Indian Empire,-and that it may fall into irretrievable Ruin, and, in its Fall, may crush the Credit, and destroy the Revenues of this Country; whereby, at this alarming Crisis, big with the Destinies of the whole civilized World, the Laws of Humanity, and the Laws of Nations, have beengrossly violated. His Majesty's Government degraded, and the Policy, Character, and Faith of this renowned Empire, rendered contemptible in the Eyes of all Europe,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^o^ur \ 21-( Mr. Robson: )

Tellers for the Noes *The Lord Q g

1 eliers for the jNoes, 13

So it passed in the Negative.

Con (table* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Expence* Bill, Reading of the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, e erred. passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing toConstables, and others, the Expences " of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the M Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence v against Felonsand for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

EortuprlWin* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third BUi, deferred. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit Portugal Wine to be landod and warehoused, without Payment of Vo 1.56.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to west Indies, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c. Prize upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's '* *

Prize Courts in the West Indies and America; and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself intef the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, HabeasCorpu* That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of Sufptniion in the Bill for indemnifying such Persons as, since the ift commuted! ' Day of February 1793, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, be now read.

6K And

494

2° Junii.

A- 1801.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being $ut, That the House do now adjourn,

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

25-

Tellers for the Noes ^r‘ tellers for the Noes,:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tinue°ir?ih* for further continuing, for a Time to be

Aa, for sup- limited, an Act, passed in this present Session of Par-pretikm of Re- liament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and further Bitted'COm" " continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June " One thousand Eight hundred and One, Two Acts, " passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called " Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression " of the Rebellion which (till exists within that Kingdom, and for the Prot«dion of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the " fame,'' was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday Morning next, and inferring the Words " this Day Three Months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tuesday Morning next," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition of A Petition of Paul Thomas Lemaitre was presented to PaulThoma* t]ie House, and read; Complaining of his Imprison-Lemajtre. ment under the Provisions of the several Acts for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government: and Praying the House to take his same into Consideration; and for such Relief, or the Adoption of such Measures, as the Circumstances may seem to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Accounts or Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pur-Customs, Ex- suant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, ami' fncMents, An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of presented. Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively,

for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1801 j distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the Y car: And al lo,

(A). An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Pro-

duce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th January 1801: And also,

(B) . An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the- Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th Day of January i8or: And also,

(C) . An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Stamps; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th January 1801: Arid also,

(D) . An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as tar as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending 5th January last.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be suficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings and other Fish, at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom, has been disposed of.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Account of Money grunted for laying in Stores of Herrings, pre-fen ted.

Appendix

(No. 46.)

Mr. Nicholas V,inf ttart likewise presented to the House, Accounts pursuant to their Order, Public in-

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extra-ordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th January 1801, distinguishing England from Scotland, and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt, on each Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce, on each Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances, or Bills, in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service, between the Days above mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period: inclosing,

Appendix (A). An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, distinguishing England from Scotland; and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th January i8di:

Appendix

41 Geo. III. 2* Juhii.

495

Appendix (B. 1). An Account of the Gross Actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, and Taxes repaid to Officers, Exports, Allowances, Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise and Malt, Annual, ol England, in the Year ended 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments, into the Exchequer, of each Article in the said Year:

Appendix (B. 2). An Account of the Gross Actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, Exports, Allowances, Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Remittances to the Commissioners of Excise, London, of the Duties of Excite and Malt, and Tobacco, Annual, between 5th January 1800, and 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Remittances to London, of each Article in said Year; and also, an Account of the Payments out of the Revenue of Excise, under the Authority of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer, to' the Receiver General of the Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland-, distinguishing the several Purposes and Branches of the Revenue lo paid over, from 5th January 1800 to 5th January 1S01:

Appendix (B. 3). An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer in the Year ending 5th January 1801, by the Receiver General of Excise in England, on Account of Bills remitted by the Receiver General of Excise in Scotland; distinguishing each Article:

Appendix (C. 1). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from Stamps in England in the Year ending January 5th 1801; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment: Appendix (C. 2). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and of the Remittances and Payments thereout, between the 5th Day of January 1800, and the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment: Appendix (C. 3). An Account of the Balance in the Hands of the several Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, and in the Hands of the Receiver General in London, on the cth Day of January 1800, and on the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing the Town from the Country; and also, distinguishing Scotland:

Appendix (C. 4). An Account of the several Sums of Money paid in the Year ending 5th January 1801 into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Monies remitted by the Head Dillributor of Stamps in Scotland-, distinguishing each Duty: Appendix (C. 5). An Account of the Amount of the Monies received in the Exchequer from the Bank, of England, as a Compensation in Lieu of Stamp Duties:

Appendix (D. 1). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, and to the Receivers General of the Customs of the several Taxes in England and Wales, including the Income Tax, and the Balances arising from the Aid and Contribution Tax; with the several Sums of Money paid or advanced out of the said Taxes, on Account of Militia and De> ferters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, or on any other Account; also for Charges of Management, between the 5th of January 1800, and the 5th of January i8or; distinguishing each Tax, with the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General at the Commencement and Termination of the Year:

Vol. 56.

Appendix ^D. 2). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, and to the Receivers General of the Customs, of the several Taxes in Scotland, including the Income Tax, and the Balances arising from the Aid and Contribution Tax, with the several Sums of Money paid or advanced out of the said Taxes, on Account of Militia an5 Deserters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, or on any other Account; also for Charges of Management, between the 5th of January 1800, and the 5th of January i8or, distinguishing each Tax, with the Amount of the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General at the Commencement and Termination of the Year:

Appendix (D. 3). An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General of Land and Afielled Taxes on the 5th January 1800, and the 5th January 1801:

Appendix (D. 4). An Account of Monies due to the Crown in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land and Alfelfed Taxes for Scotland on the 5th Day of January 1800, and the 5th Day of January 1801:

Appendix (E. 1). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising from the Poll Office in England, for the Year ending the 5th January 1801, together with the Payments thereout, on Account of Management, distinguishing the Inland from the Packet Boat Charges; Jikewile, the Amount of the Pensions and Parliamentary Grants paid out of the Revenue of the Polt Office, together with the Amount of the British Pofla°e collected in Ireland, and the Packet Establishment, with the 4,000 per Annum in Lieu of Packet Postage and Difference of Exchange, which are placed to the Debit of Great Britain -, also, the Amount of the IriJJi Postage collected in Great Britain, together with an Account of the Balances due from, or remaining in the Hands of, the Deputy Poll Mailers in England, the Deputies under the Foreign Office, the Penny Poll Office, the Receiver General, on the 5th January 1800, and 5th January 1801; also, an Account of Monies paid into the Exchequer between the 5th January

1800, and 5th January 1801, on Account of Bills, or other Remittances, from the Revenue of the Poll Office in Scotland-, also, an Account of the Grols and Net Produce, and Remittances to the Receiver General of the Poll Office in England, arising from the Revenue of the Poll Office in

Scotland,between the 5th oi January 1800, and the 5 th of January 1801; together with the Amount of the Payments of the said Revenue on Account of Management, or any other Acount: Appendix (E. 2). An Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due to the Postmasters General of Great Britain from the Deputy Postmasters in England, Scotland, Dublin, and the West Indies-, and also, of the Balances due from the Penny Poll Office, and from the Receiver General, upon the 5th of January 1800, and the 5th of January 1801, respectively:

Appendix (F. 1). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Salaries and Pensions, received by Mr. John Lane, as Receiver of the said Duty in England, for the Year ended the 5th January

1801, with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; also, the Balances remaining due on the 5th January 1800 and the 5th January 1801, respectively:

Appendix (F. 2). An Account of the Balances due

from

1

2° jfun

A. 1801.

from Richard Howard, Esquire, on the One Shilling Duty on Pensions and Salaries, on tire 5th January 1800, and the 5th January 1801, with Charges of Management:

Appendix (F. 3). An Account of the Gross Amount of the One Shilling Duty on Pensions and Salaries, received by Charles Rivington -ton. Receiver General for His Majesty's House-hold, with the Amount of the Balance in Hand on the 5th January 1801:

Appendix (F. 4). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Pensions and Salaries in Scotland, in the Year ended 5th January 1801, with the several Payments thereout, on Account of Management, &c. as also, the Amount of the Balances on the 5th of January 1800, and 5th' of January 1801, whether arising from the Produce of the Year 1800, or of any preceding Year:

Appendix (G. 1). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Sixpenny Duty on Salaries, Pensions, and Incidents, in England and -land,distinguishingeach, received by Mr. Thomas AJlle, as Receiver General of the said Duty, between the 5th of January and the 5th of July 1800, with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management:

Appendix (G. 2). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Sixpenny Duty on Salaries, Pensions, and Incidents, in England and Scotland, distinguishing each, received by Mr. John Lane, as Receiver General of the said Duty, between the 22d July 1800 (the Date of his Appointment) and the 5th January 1801; with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; also, the Balance remaining due on the 5th January 1801:

Appendix (H). An Account of the Gross Actual Receipt in Money, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising by Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Charges of Management, within the Year ending 5th January 1801; with the Amount of the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver of the said Revenue on the 5th January 1800, and 5th January 1801;

Appendix (I). An Account of the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments into the Exchequer, arising from Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars; together with the Amount of the Charges of Management, in the Year ended 5th January 1801; also, an Account of the Balances which were in the Hands of the General Receiver of the said Revenue on the 5th January 1800, and the 5th January 1801: Appendix (K). An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payment into the Exchequer, and the Clerk of the Hanaper, on Account of Prefines; and the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General at the End of Hilary Term 1800, and Hilary Term 1801: Appendix (L). An Account of the Produce of Green Wax Money, arising from Poll Fines, in the Year ending the 5th of 1801, with the Amount of the Balances on the 5th of January 1800, and the 5th of January 1801: Appendix (M). An Account of the several Sums of Money received at the Exchequer, in the Year ended 4th January 1801, on Account of Rent of Alum Mines and of Light Houses, on Account of Monies arising from Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Goods, cm Account «f Compositions, on Account of Proffers.; and 5

Accobnt of all other Monies paid into the Exchequer, other than those arising from the Public Revenue:

Appendix (N. 1). An Account of the Balances due to the Public from the Receivers General of the Land Revenue for England and Wales, on the 5th Day of January 1800, with the Net Amount of all subsequent Receipts from thence to the 5th of January 1801; and also, of what Payments have been made thereout by each Accountant between those Periods,deducing the Balances therefrom, to the 5th of January 1801: Appendix (N. 2). An Account of the Two Half Yearly Dividends of Stock, purchased by the Sale of Crown Rents by Thomas Cotton and William Mitford, Esquires, Attornies for receiving the said Dividends on Stock, with the Amount of the Payments made by them, and to what Purposes applied, in the Year ended the 5th January 1801; together with an Account of the' Balances in the Hands of Thomas Cotton and William Mitford, Esquires, on the jfth of January 1800, and 5th of January 1801:

Appendix (N. 3). An Account of Fines paid for Leases of Crown Lands in the Year ending 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Dates of the Receipts, the Names of the Lclll-es, the Estates, the Amount of the Fines, anti to whom paid; together with the Balances in Hand on the 3th of January 1800, and 5th January 1801:

Appendix (O). An Account of the Sums received in the Exchequer, by Way of Lottery, between 5th January 1800, and 5 th January 1801; to-

gether with the Amount of the icveral Payments thereout on Account of Prizes, and like-wife for Charges of Management; also, an Account of the Net Profit to the Public:

Appendix (P). An Account of the Calla received and paid on Account of the English and Irish Lotteries, between the 17th April 1800, and,

5th January 1801, with the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General at each of the above-mentioned Periods:

Appendix (Q). An Account of the Total Sums of Money which have been paid into the Exchequer on Account of Voluntary Contributions, between the 3th January 1800, and 3th January 1801:

Appendix (R). An Account of the Total Sum* of Money which have been paid into the Exchequer on Account of Public Loans, between the 5th January 1800, and the 3th January 1801 i Appendix (S). An Account of the Sums of Money which remained in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1800, and the 3th Day of January 1801; distinguishing the Amount of the Monies appropriated or rderved for any particular Purposes, from that which was unappropriated:

Appendix (T). An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service, between the 3th of January 1800, and tire 3th of January 1801, and not redeemed within that

Period:

Appendix (U). An Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transnort Bills, that were issued in the Year 1800, and not paid until the present Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be. printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Appendixes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Account is inserted in the Appendix to ttris Vplume. (No. All

Ref he'd,

497

4i Geo. III. 3a — 3° Junii.

trade with Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

wnfidere°dbe 'n§ next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' House, to consider of regulating the Trade to and from the Island of Malta.

Bill to exempt The Order of the Day being read, for the House to from cerrain" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duties, defer- consider further of the Bill to exempt, for a Time to be Ttd* limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Mem-

bers of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called , as have only an

occasional Residence in Great and to permit, in

certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and with-

out Payment of Duty;

Resolved ', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Sweddh &ca Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Ships Bill. ' render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of RuJ/ia, Swedish, and Danijli Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the' Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ffleo?Man°n The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Trade Bill. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ille of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be. received Tomorrow Morning.

Sugar Draw- The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read-feired^11'de* *ng the ingrafted Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing " British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviv-

" ing so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates " to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and " regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of " May One thousand Eight hundred and One."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into !ndPEx^rt"- a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Im-tionot cop- portation and Exportation of Copper. per- Vot. 56.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee; That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Committee vn resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^nrs'made consider of the Duties payable on Spirits made in, and in 1 'and, imported from, Ireland. deferred,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Junii 5

Anno 41° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801,

Prayers.

MR. Vynerreported from the Committee, to whom Ashby Inclo-

the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, drain- f"r'e®'ll> r*‘ ing, embanking, and improving, the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed and drained, who are assessed to the Land Tax at £.4. 3*. 4 d.who refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure and Drainage is assessed to the Land Tax at £.26.75.4*/.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fytter reported from the Committee, to whom Maw's Estate the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BilJ> rePorted» for veiling the settled Estates of John Henry of an pal e *

Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

6 L Ordered,

A' 1801.

O <

3 Jm

Ordered \That Mr. Py«rr do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

BmeDrainage Mr. DickinfoH reported from the Committee, to whom Bill, reported, gjj for draining, preserving from Waste, and improving, certain Lands and Grounds therein described, now draining into the River Brut, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 1,175 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 1,967 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained consists of 27,162 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

inftmflionto Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Tkkkrton °n to w^10m t^e BiH for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Iaciofure Bill, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of 'Ticklerton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop, is again re-committed. That they do report more fully the State of Property of the Persons interested in the said Bill, as it appears to them, to the House.

stockbndge Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, terRoadsBUl" *° w^10rn t^le Bill to continue the Term, and alter and reported. 'enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the aoth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Be/lmour , to the Top of Stephens Castle , near the Town of Wiiltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar in the

Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Melton Mow. An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-Granthnm tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in Road Bill, the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for parted. making and maintaining the Road from Sage in

the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the county of,

to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton,

in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Newbolt reported from the Committee, to whom Needwood the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest or Chafe of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, was com- ported.' mitted; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Chetwynd Earl Talbot,the Right honourable

George Lord Fernon, and the Right honourable William Lord Bagot, and the humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written; and also, the Petition of Edward Cooper, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory of Hamjlall Ridware, in the County of Stafford, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, who are assessed to the Land Tax at £.289.2*. nL who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 113.4*.$d. who were neuter; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.44.19*. 4*/. who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1,473.14*. 2d.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- ®u.rjledo£c prietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further gai^pi/red.' Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the.

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Morritt presented to the House, according to Hull River Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Bfi^ioued. 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for improving the Navigation of the River " Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough, on the East Corner of Fisholme, and for " extending the said Navigation from the said Clough " into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East " Riding of the County of York and to extend and improve the said Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morritt reported from the Committee, to whom Molfcroftln* the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Carr, within the Township oSMo/f- re- committed.

croft.

Staxton Inclosure Bill, Kported.

North Frcxff ineliam Tn-

! c!oflirt Bill,

I reported.

41 Geo. III. 3 Junii.499

croft, in the Parish of Saint John of‘Beverley, in the East livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Riding of the County of York-, and for making a Com- Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through* pensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain out} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was comr the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found the House.

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the ingrossed.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con* Lord Viscount Folkestone reported front the Com- Knapp's cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- portedfan'd* faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had tuled. An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates passed.' gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, Esquire, deceased, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to which by his Will were devised in ftrid Settlement, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for dif-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in charging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. Estates, and that the Residue of the Money, if any,

And the House being informed that several other arising by such Sale, may be invested in the Purchase of ' Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill. other Lands; and that the Lands to be so purchased, and Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. also such Part of the Lands to be veiled in Trustees as

Resolved', That the said Bill be re-committed to the aforesaid, as shall not be fold, may be settled to the Uses Committee tb whom the same was committed. contained in the Will of the said Matthew

Knapp, concerning his Real Estates devised in strict Set- Mr. Morrittreported from the Committee, to whom tlement, was committed; That the Committee had

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Arable Fields, Failures, Carrs, Common and Waste same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the of Wilier by, in the East Riding of the County of York; Committee; and that the Committee had directed him and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Table. '

Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of Wilier by afore- And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

said, was committed; That the Committee had examined, Resolved, That the Bill do pass. and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned

had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, Rye Harbour ' i

of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone to whom the Bill for more effectually improving and Blll»reported. I

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- maintaining the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of

unto, which they had directed him to report to the Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.

And the House being informed that several other - which they had directed him to report to the House;

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Committee to whom the same was committed. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Mr. Morritt reported from the Committee, to whom were agreed to by the House. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons and ingrossed.

Waste Lands, within the T ownfh ip of North Frodingham,

in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding Mr. Nathaniel Jefferys reported from the Committee, Chesteraml

of the County of York; and for making a Compensation to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and

in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts,passed in the 33d Year mitted Bill,

Lands in the same Township, was committed; That of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, rePorted*

the Committee had examined, and found that the and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo- jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars

sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee at Boughton,within the Liberties of the City of

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had County of and several other Roads therein men-

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the tioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading

Committee, (except the Proprietors of one Oxgang and from Whitchurch aforesaid, through to Newport

an Half of Land, 1 Common Right, and 2 Roods of aforesaid, being the Second District of the said Roads,

Old Inclosure, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, the was re-committed; That the Committee had made Proprietors of 3 Oxgangs, 9 Common Rights, and 8 several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had Acres of Old Inclosure, who were neuter; and that the directed him to report to the House; and he read the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Inclosure consists of 94 Oxgangs of Land, 70 Com- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where mon Rights, and 66 Acres and 2 Roods of Old Inclosure; the Amendments were Once read throughout; and and that no Person appeared before the Committee to then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the oppose the Bid); and that the Committee had gone Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- the House.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- ingrossed.

Vol. 56. A Petition

A. i8or*

500 3° Junii.

Petition of A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the ^init°WnerS' West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are Thome, &c. thereunder written, was presented to the House, and Drainage Bill, read Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the several Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, ' Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Hatfield, 'Thorne, Fishlake, and

Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Hatfield, Thorne, and Fishlake, in the Manor of ,in the West Riding

of the County of York; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pats into a Law, it will be very detrimental to their Rights and Interests; and they find the same contains certain Clauses and Provisions, which will, if carried into Effect, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and many other Persons: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands; or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Pht'^Eihte J^n ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bin, com- veiling certain settled Estates of William Morton

nutted, Pitt, Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to

be fojd, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court ol Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Henry EtheringBaronet, Lay- Petition cfsir Rector of the Parishes of Hatfield and Thorne, in the West Eilltr-Riding of the County of York,was presented to the T^mex"* House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for di- lncio/urcad viding, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and Duiiuge improving, the several Open Common Fields, Ings,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Town ships of Hatfield, Thorne, Stainforth, Fishlake, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Hatfield, Thorne, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitfeld, in the West Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That Provisions are inserted therein for extinguishing the Right and Interest of the Petitioner in and to the Tythesof certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Hatfield and Thorne aforesaid, and for compelling him to accept of a certain Compensat ion and Satisfaction in Lieu of such Tythes; and that the Provisions aforesaid, and several other of the Clauses contained in the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would be highly injurious and oppressive to the Petitioner, and dc-strudive of his Rights and Interest, as Tythe Owner of the Parishes of Hatfield and Thorne aforesaid: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftnidion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Further Ac-further Account of Monies advanced for Public Services c011"1 from the Civil List, pursuant to Addresses, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and dresses, ordtr-which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying ed' the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

incio'ure'o' \ngrom Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-paiicd.U 1 ' mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield, otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 37. To leave out " Modules and Compositions."

Pr. 33. 1. 4. To leave out " and his Heirs."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield, otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fr'ain "com- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into niinionfrs in further Consideration the Report which was made from inclosnrc Bills, the Committee, who were appointed toconsiderof the rt-comiwtted. Persons to be appointed Commissioners, Surveyors, and Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

1

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Accounts on. Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; femed: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A further Account of Monies advanced for Public MoneyilTucd Services from the Civil List, pursuant to Addresses, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively: And also.

An Account of Monies remaining in the Exchequer Contributions of Contributions to Lotteries, granted prior to the Year to Lotteries. 1799; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of American and East Florida Orders, American 2nd made out pursuant to Atfts 28th and 30th Geo. III. out- Q*[Je^loridi Handing and unsatisfied; distinguishing the Amount of ur ers" such Orders in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Monies reserved for particular Monies re-Services, which have remained in the Exchequer since the 20th Day of May 1787, and which have not been vices, called for; distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are reserved.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Third of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 48.)

An

ii -h M

41 Geo. III. 3" Junii. 501

JnfoWent An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Debtors Bill, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, was read a committed. , m-

Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Into Member* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

| Reading of the Bill for declaring what Persons shall be

' disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, and also, for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Notice being taken, That the Account of the Distri- Account of bution of the Sum of £.2,500,000, granted to His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army withdrawn, for the Year 1800, paid by the Right honourable the another Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; together or ere ' with an Account of the Application of the Sura of £. 11,359. 12 s. 10 d. which remained unexpended in the

Year 1799, which was presented to the House by Mr.

Steele upon Monday last, did not contain the Dates of the respective Payments;

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Account be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn; and a like Account, with the Dat^es of the respective Payments, presented inllead thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second inclosureCon-, Reading of the Bill for consolidating, in One Act, certain comtrdued.1 Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

l>

Hi

if*

The Lord* have agreed to

Resolutioni reipe&Lng the Promulgating of Statutes, „ with an A&-drefi.

Addrefe confidered, and -agreed to.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr,

Ord:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do concur in the Resolutions communicated to them at a Conference on Friday the 8th of May last; and have agreed to an Address to be presented to His Majesty thereupon; to which Address their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Part of the said Message, which relates to the said Address, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Address into Confederation.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to inform Your Majesty, that we have had under our Consideration the Expediency of a more speedy and general Promulgation of the Statutes; and we have come to the several Resolutions which we now humbly present to Your Majesty. And we entreat Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to give such Directions for the more speedy and general Promulgation of the Statutes of the United Kingdom, throughout all Parts of Great Britain and Ireland, as Your Majesty shall think proper.

The said Address being read a Second Time; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That this House hath agreed to the Address, to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House; and have filled up the Blank with the Words, "and Commons."

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the said Message.

Vol. 56.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Im-

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred j^rnSonof to consider of the Importation and Exportation of Cop- Copper, per, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient, after a Time to be limited, to permit the Exportation of Copper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to give Power to His Majesty, by Proclamation, or Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper to any Place within the Limits of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Copper Bricks, Role Copper, Copper Coin, and on all Cast Copper, and the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation thereof, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Five Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Hundred Weight of all Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, Copper Coin, and Cast Copper, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Five Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny be allowed on every Hundred Weight of all Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, Copper Coin, and Cast Copper, exported from. Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. FBley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House County to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

6 M Ordered,

3° Ju

A. 1801.

Portugal _ Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third "ffed B "' heading of the ingrafted Bill to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1.29. After " " to insert " Lan-

" cafler."

1. 30. After " Chester " to insert "

I.31. After " " to insert "

" m

1. 33. Before " Yarmouth " to insert " Great."

1. 35. After " to insert " Ro-

" chester."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trade ad" Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the passed. 1 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ille of and for

improving the Revenue thereof; and also, to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

l--.iv Aber- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Annu[t'SBU|C' heading of the Bill (now ingossed) for settling and passed.'^ ' ' leaning a certain Annuity on Lady Baroness

Abercrombyof Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine ContrThat the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby, Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Aber defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

inilruaion to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, BarkwayTnd" to vv^om the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Kecd Diviilon Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common and Allotment 'Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of and

Reed, in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sueepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and

upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets, is re-committed, That they do report more fully the State of the Property of the Persons interested in the said Bill, as it appears to them, to the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Russia, Sm-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danish Ships, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Housercfoiw House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next. to adjourn to

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartreported from the Committee, Report from

who were appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commo- don. dious, and for better regulating, the Port of London-, and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; and to whom the Report which, upon the a8th Day of July last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, was referred; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hair Powder Reading of the ingrafted Bill, for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for Tnuuier Bill, wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from deterrcd> the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time . upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King;* Mef-House, That be had a Message from His Majesty to this »*'

House, signed by His Majesty; and he prclented the Military same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker College, (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that an Establishment has been formed, under His Majesty's Diractions, for promoting the

S ' dy

4i Geo. III.

3° Junii.

5°3

kfy

Vs;

Papers nefpeft. ing a Military College, prefect ed.

13

Affindix

(No. 49.)

Sugar Drawback Bill, patted.

Study of Military Science. This Institution, His Majesty is persuaded, must conduce to the Preservation and Improvement of the Skill and Discipline which, combined with the native Valour of Troops, have so

often maintained the Rights, and asserted the Honour, of His Kingdom. His Majesty therefore recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of making the Provision that may be necdfary for enabling His Majesty to accomplish, in the most effectual Manner, an Object of so much National Importance. G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said moll Gracious Melfage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at Warpresented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. Estimate of the Sum that will probably be required in the Year 1801, on Account of the Purchal'eof Land, and the Construction of Buildings, for a Royal Military College: And all'o,

N° 2. Proposal for the Establishment of a Military College, and General Estimate; referring to Three Papers, marked

(A) . Royal Military College, Senior Department.

(B) . Royal Military College, Junior Department.

(C) . Royal Military College, General Staff: — And

also,

N° 3. Extract of a Report to His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, from the Quarter Matter General and Adjutant General, on the proposed Plan for founding a Military College: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, on Account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum for the

Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third heading of the ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported,

" granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year " of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British " Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving lo " much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation " thereof j and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar " exported, until the Tenth Day of One thousand " Eight hundred and One," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving, continuing, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amending, an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Vot. 56.

" Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price " of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback " on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day " of May One thousand Eight hundred and One."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j£ws Biu!8 upon the Bill to continue several Laws, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers j to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; and to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades j to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be jeceived upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lord* Qrj . haveagreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, with Amend-Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within ment4* the Manors of Erdington and IVitton, in the Parish of AJionjuxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick-, with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lord* veiling Two Freehold Messuages, in Lombard Street, in have the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Eftat* Will of the Right honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale; and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* r*J House, That the Lords do request that this House will standing* be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, Copies of order* re-any Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills for

. ,'T , closure Bills.

inclosing, draining, or improving ot Lands.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Part of the said Message, which relates to Standing Orders of this House, by Messengers of their own.

And

504 3 0 Junii. 1801.

And the Messengers were again Called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Irwin's Estate An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, read. for veiling Two Freehold Messuages, in Lombard Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right honourable Charles Lord VII'count Irwin,deceased, in Trustees, for Sale; and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to fcrredS<le resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

erre ‘ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply, de- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to fared. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Lfanees^&c. re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill. — ' upon the Bill to continue and amend the several Laws in

gpiring Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale ws‘ of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail i $nd for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Committee on , Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties bul to rcfo\\e. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, fora Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sjieaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday

' \ Morning next.

Committee on . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bii?1 — ftllltrs to rcfJb'e itself into a Committee of the whole House, Expiring upon the Bill to amend and continue an Act, passed in Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade

3

" of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on " Home-made Spirits," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addison, her now Husband, on Account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-, nefies, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think lit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Notice being taken, That the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, contains Provisions not authorized by the Order of Leave for preparing, and bringing in, the same;

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time upon Friday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualification of Members to serve in the said United Parliament: And that Mr. Abbot, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Sir John Parnell, Mr. Lee, Mr. Beresford, Mr. Trench, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of regulating the Trade to and from the Wand of Malta, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

Duties on Exportatim of Tea to Ireland, tofc considered.

Addi Con's Divorce Bill, committed.

Irish Controverted Election* Bill, withdrawn# and another ordered*

Committee Trade with Malta.

Bill to amend

Ath rel'pe6ting Land Tax Redemption*

deferred.

Committee on certain Expiring Laws, deferred.

Fines and Forfeitures Bill, deferred.

Account of* Monies advanced for Public Service, pre-ientea.

Appendix

(No. 50.)

Committee on

Campbell's Divorce Kill.

Petition of Mrs. Campbell.

41 Geo. III.

3° — 5° Junii. 505

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragg: took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr; Bragge reported from the Committee, That he Was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

0 v

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued, by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider of several Acts for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas and Davis's

Streights; for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; for making the Port of St. , in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

the Petitioner, from her melancholy and unfortunate Situation, is living in a very humble and retired Manner, and hath little or no Intercourse with Society, and therefore had no Opportunity of knowing the Provisions inserted in the said Bill until this present Day; and that Hie hath been informed, that the said Bill, provides, that it shall not be lawful for her to contract a Second Marriage in the Life Time of the said Doctor James,

but that any such Marriage shall be null and void; and that the Petitioner, being left by the said Bill without any Provision for her Support, and being an Outcast from her own Family, as well as from Society in general, most humbly throws herself upon the Humanity and Companion of the House, and hopes the aforesaid Proviso may not pass into a Law, as it will deprive her of the only Possibility Ihe can have of ever being restored to a decent and comfortable Situation; and that the Petitioner hath not the Means of defraying the Expence of opposing the said Proviso by Counsel: And therefore Prays the House will be graciously pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant her such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Garthfhore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Garthfkore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

OrderedJYlxxt the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vers. 11 art presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A further Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the General I leads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is'inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to distbive the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Phytic, with Jef'y Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

A Petit ion of JeJJy Campbell, the Wife of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of in the East Indies,

Doctor of Phylic, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That

Vox.. 56.

Veneris, 5* die 'Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1 8 o r.

Prayers.

SI R Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to e-

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting," and inclos- committed ing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Town- Bill, reported, ship of Tickler ton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop, was again re-committed; and who were instrufted to report more fully the State of Property of the Persons interested in the said Bill, as it appeared to them, to the House; That the Committee had further examined, and found that all the Parties interested had given their Consent to the Bill; and that the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table 1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Duneombe's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eft*te Eiu» . Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will ,an of Thomas Buncombe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in Lieu thereof,

6 N to

Weaverthorp, &c. Inclosure BiJJ> reported.

Constable's Estate Bill, committed.

Sctrmby In* clciure Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Han wort h,&c. Inclosure A&, committed.

506 5* Junii.1801.

to the same Uses, was committed; that the Committee " the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found " Parishes of and Smbury, in the

the same to be true; and that the Committee had di- " County of as authorizes and requires the

rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's mentioned to Edmund Hilly as Lord of the said Manor,

Table. was read a Second Time.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. RefThat the Bill be committed to Mr. -Resolved, That the Bill do pass. waring, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Chamber.

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. ....

An ingrossed Bui, for veiling, for a limitedTime, in the Cartwright'i

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Re- Reverend Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his

port from the Committee,'to whom the Bill for dividing Executors, Adnunillrators, and Assigns, the foie Pro-and inclohng the several Open Common Fields, Lands, PertY ,m certain Machinery by him invented for Wool*

Pallures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and combing, was read the I bird Time.

Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Helpertkorp, Eafi Lutton, and Wefbutton, otherwise be> An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Re-Luttcns Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp, in the verend Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his

East Riding of the County of York; and for making Executors, Adnunillrators, and Assigns, the foie Pro-Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof; and also, perty in certain Machinery by him invented for Wool* of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Front- combing.

Heads, and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill respectively, was committed. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and An ingrossed Bill for draining, preserving from Waste, NorthWooton found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative and improving, certain Lands and Grounds therein de- W.

to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and feribed, now draining into the River in the County that the Committee had examined the Allegations of of Somwas read the Third Time, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Parties concerned had given their Consent to the be> An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve- within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North ral Amendments thereunto, which they had di reded Wooton, Pilton, West Pennard, Ba/tonfborough, Barton Saint

to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in David, Butleigh, Street, Glafion Saint John, Glaston Saint

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the BenediSlWalton, Ashcot, Shapwick, Calcott, Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Chilton, Edington, Coffington, Woolavington, East Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Burnham,

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question #Badgwor, Chapel Allerton, Were, Punton, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Paw/et, ookey, and the Out-parish of Saint Cuthbert in Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Wells, all in the County of Somerset. ingrossed. Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edward Confable, Esquire, of Burton Con-fable, in Holderness, in the County of York, Tenant for Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William Confable, Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York, or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned; and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward Confable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money, for the protedling, improving, and increasing, the same Estates, by the Means therein described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, wkhin the Parish of Scrcmby, in the County of Lincoln, and Hamlet of Grebby, in the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wi/bnforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open " and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pallures, and " other Commonable Lands and Grounds > and also, 4

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom tittleCVlft* the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Wastes, and 1 'report other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Cheferford, in the County of Essex ,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.14. 13 per Annum, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property affected by the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.91.8 s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom Great Cheftef.

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open inclosur* and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Wastes, and 1 'reporte ' other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish

41 GeO. III.

Parish of Great Gliejlerford,in the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates having Right of Common, who are assessed to the Land Tax at £.33. 6s. who refused to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at nr. who were ill, and incapable of giving Answers; and that the Whole Property belonging toPerlons having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at £.214. 5J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the- Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

5°7

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 51.)

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lordllcheffor vetting Part of the settled Estates of the Right ho- ^j's nourable Henry Thomas Earl of Uchejin the Counties muted, of Wilts and SomerJ'et, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of , in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. New-holi, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually improving and Rye Harbour maintaining the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of BlU* Palled* Sujj'ex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Ryein the County of Sujj'ex.

Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Denchworth Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, w^rted'and' to wh°m ^le Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open re-committed. Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 31 Acres and 32 Perches of Freehold Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 11 Acres 2 Roods and 28 Perches of Freehold Land, and the Proprietors of 104 Acres and 3a Perches of Copyhold Land, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the 'Land intended to be inclosed, consists of 477 Acres 1 Rood and 24 Perches of Freehold, and 132 Acres 3 Roods and 6 Perches of Copy-hold; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Account of Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Army Extra- Order,

°rcfented5' An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of preene . £.2,300,000, granted to His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1800, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of H is Majesty's Forces;, together with an Account of the Application of the Sum of £.11,359. 12s. lod. which remained unexpended in the Year 1799; with the Dates of the respective Payments, as far as the same can be ascertained.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That l'uch a Number of Copies of the said Vo 1.. 56.

Sir Edward Knatchbullreported from the Committee, sheemefs Pier to u'hom the Bill for building a Pier at in the and Paving

Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, Bl 'report ‘

imposing, and recovering, certain Duties for the sup-' porting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part, of the Parish of Minfler,in the said Isle of Sheppy, (which' lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue Town and Mile Town; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Matthew Fletcher, Esquire,. was pre- Petifion of fented to the House,- and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal ciiefter and'* Navigation from Manchester to Bolton, and to Bury, to Can:d raise Money to discharge the Debts of the Company, and to complete the Canal; and also, for altering and amending the Act for making and maintaining the said Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Proprietor of several Shares in the said Canal, and that the Object of the said Bill is to compel the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of Shares, to advance Money beyond the Sums they have respectively subscribed and agreed to pay, for the Purpose of completing the said Canal; which said compulfoiy Power appears to the Petitioner highly oppressive and injurious to- him, and the other Proprietors of Shares in the said Canal; especially as the Petitioner has been informed, and believes, that it is the Intention of the Promoters of the Bill to add certain Clauses for regulating the Manner of taking Water, and limiting.other Rights of the said Company, derived under the former Act, which, in the Opinion of the Petitioner, will be highly injurious to the Concern, and render it of little Value to

the

I,i ft card Roads Bill, reported.

Tetbury Roads Bill, reported.

1 unbridge In* closure Bill, reported.

5° Juniu 1801.

the Proprietors thereof; and that it is also intended by the said Bill, to make certain Locks, and other Works, and to impose certain Regulations and Restrictions respecting the Use of the Water in and upon the Estate of the Petitioner, in the Township of Clifton and Parish of Ecc/es, in the County of which will be

highly injurious to the private Cut or Canal of the Petitioner, and to his Collieries, and other Works and Property, in the Township of Clifton aforesaid: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Coun-fel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. John Eliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the ift and ioth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of WeJl Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thin a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Common, and from the said Road in Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirenccfer to Stroud, near Burnt AJlf, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tay/oe's Mill Pond in Chaferd Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester-, and for repairing, altering, and improving,

the Road from Tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid, to Foston Afb, in the Parish of Bifey, in the said County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 'l'hat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Marquis of War after reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Open and Intermixed, and 'Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.9. 12 id. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owmers of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.13. 1 9 who were neuter;

and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.393^17 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed ‘to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Proprietors of Old Inclosed Land, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, who have thereunto set their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Inclosure of the small Open Fields of Louth will be of no material Advantage to the Public, or to the Town of Louth, considering that there are now more than 750 Acres of Old Incloled Meadows and Pasture Lands very contiguous to the Town; and that the Soil of these Open Fields is belt adapted for Wheat and Beans, of which it produces excellent Crops alternately, and is in a very high State of Cultivation; and there is no W'afte Land, as the Commons are a very rich Pasture, which keep a large Quantity of Cattle, the Property of a great many industrious People, who have Common Rights, and are enabled by their Common Rights to maintain their Families, and increase the Population and Prolperity of the Town of Louth: And therefore praying the House, either to re-jedl the Bill, or not to suffer that Part thereof to pass into a Law, which would compel the Petitioners to rc-linquilb Part of their Old Inclosed Land against their Consent, but permit them to remain subject to the Tythes they have hitherto paid, whichever the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the Lid Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Loulh Tndo* fare Bill, committed.

Petition of LamiOwors, aqainit IX Bill.

Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, to Nottingham whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering RoiulB'11* the Powers, of Two Acts, pa fifed in the 27th Year of re?orte' the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Lane, in

the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for more

effectually

leicester and Peterborough Road Bill, reported, and re* committed*

Cambridge Common flights Hill, committed.

Port Glasgow Htrbour Bill, passed.

Little Wc*. ton, &c* Inclosure Bill, committed.

41 GeO, III*

50 Junii

509

effectually repairing the said Road, Was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the , _ .

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof; Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question and ofancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Morntlreported from the Committee, to whom Homfea t»-

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of H in the Parish of Hornfea, in the East Riding of the County of York-, and

severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Lozvtherreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- .

jesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of p^rty interested in the Inclosure confiftsof379 Acres Leu eft or to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; °* ®‘d Inclosure, and of 98 Oxgangs; and that no Person

and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j committed; That the Committee had examined the and die Committee had gone through the Bill, and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; made seveni1 Amendments thereunto, which they had and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, directed him to report to the House; and he read the and made several Amendments thereunto, which they Report *n his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, had directed him to report to the House; and he read with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of 3 Acres of Old Inclosure, and of 4I Oxgangs, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 6 Acres of Old Inclosure, and of 3! Oxgangs, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Pro-

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report wras read.

And the House being informed that several other . Amendments arenecessary to be made to the said Bill; ingrafted Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Bill for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called Saint

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter arid eft- Bifcop'sCastle large the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 8th and and Montgo-25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for j^nfcom- amending and widening several Roads leading from the' mitted. Town of Castle, and from Montgomery to the

Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several turnpike Road at Wtftbury, and from Brockton to the Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Tu,rnP‘£e ?oad at, in the several Counties of

Benedict, and Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cam- T°P\ and Montgomery, and several other Roads

bridge, was read a Second Time. therem mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Mont-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anne/ley, Somery> and also' £or widening, repainng, altering, and ----- - ' ' diverting, other Roads, in the said Counties of Salop

and Montgomery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley,

Sir William &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Earl of Enfton,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Glasgow, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, altering, and amending,

Sir William Pn/teney reported from the Committee, to Shrewsbury whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and en- Roads large the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of report the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the We/f Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewf-

an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His b in the County of Salop, was committed; That present Majesty, for deepening cleansing scouring pre- thfi Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; serving, and maintaining, the Harbour oi Port Glasgow, and found the same to be true, and th=t the Committee and for other Purposes mentioned ,n the said Act, had th h the Bill and made several Amende

Ordered That Mr M‘Dowa!ldo carry the Bill to the mentf thereuntoT which they had directed him to re-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. port tQ the House. and he read the Report in his Place,

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend-Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second in Little Weeton and Riplingham, within the Township Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally of Little Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the Ealt put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Riding of the County of York-, and for making a Com- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declar-pensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient ing, that the Exemption respecting Almond Park, shall inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Riplingham, and Hunfey, not be repealed until the Expiration of the present in the same Township, Parish, and Riding, was read Lease.

Seco ndTime. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mbrritt, Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 56. 6 Q

Then

Theft several Amendments were made! by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

J?.mm's Naf. Sir John William An reported from the Com*

and'MffaT''*' m*ttee> to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment 3 and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

wd TaWn*"* Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for di-tnn inciofufe vlding, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common BUI, puffed. Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Wefi Deeping and

ton, in the County of Lincoln, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Wefi Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Re-commhted Mr. Diekinson reported from the Committee, to whom Report re- the Report was re-committed, which was made from mfifioofrf&c ^ie Committee who were appointed to consider of the in inclosure Persons to be appointed Commissioners, Surveyors, and acts. Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, and to

report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had further considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, after the present Session of Parliament, in every Bill for inclosing any Moors, Commons, Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, and in every Bill for draining any Low Lands, there be inserted a Clause or Clauses, to prevent any Lord, or the Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, or any Person who hath been Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, within the Space of Three Years previous to the Royal Assent being given to such Act, of any Lord or Lady of any Manor or Manors extending pver the Whole, or over any Part of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, intended to be by such Bill inclosed, or Low Lands intended to be by such Bill drained; and also to prevent any Proprietor or Person, immediately interested, or the Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, or any Person who hath been Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, within the Space of Three Years previous to the Royal Assent being, given.to such Act, of any Proprietor or Person immediately interested in such Moors, Com-. ... 9

mons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, intended to be by such Bill inclosed, or Low Lands intended to be by such Bill drained; from acting as Commissioner, Surveyor, or Valuer, for the inclosing such Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, or for the draining such Low Lands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, after the present Session of Parliament, in every Bill for the inclosing any Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Half Year Lands, or uninclosed Lands, or for the draining of any Low Lands, there be inserted an Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, to be taken by every Commissioner, Surveyor, and Valuer, of Lands intended to be by such Bill inclosed or drained, that he is not immediately interested in the lands so intended to be inclosed or drained, and is not Steward,

Bailiff, or Agent, and hath not been Steward, Bailiff, or Agent, of any Person so interested, within the Space of Three Years previous to the Royal Assent being given to the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon WednesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for dividing, al- furcBiU, lotting, and inclosing, the Forest or Chase ot passed.

in the County of Stafford; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Newbolt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Abbot reported to the House, That he had, pur- Report of Ad-suant to their Order, carried to the Lords the Address to which their Lordships, on Wednesday last, desired the to the Lards. Concurrence of this House; and had acquainted them, that this House had agreed to the fame; and that he had left the said Address with their Lordships.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, by Papen rtfpec-

His Majesty's Command, ^ot|'eGarr"

N® i. Ext raft of a Letter from Lieutenant General Minora, the Honourable Henry Edward Fox to the Right honour- presented. able Henry Dundas; dated Mahon, 25th April 1801: inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Stovin to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox-, dated Ciudadella, 25th April 1 801:

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel D. L. Tinling to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox; dated Ciudadella,

25th April 1801:

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Smith to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox-, dated George Town, 23d April 1801:

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Clepkane to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox-, dated George, 2 2d April 1801:

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Major Smith to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox-, dated George Town, 22d April 1801s

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Hart to Major Hennbar:

N® 8, Copy of a Letter from Major Lofack to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox; dated Minorca, 23d April 1S01:

N® 9-

Geo. III.

5® jfu

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Ross to Lieutenant General the Honourable Edward Fox-, dated , 23d April 1801:

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Cuppage to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox; dated 23d April

1801:

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Smith to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox; dated George 25th

April 1801:

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Clephane to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox-, dated Fort George, 25th April 1801:

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Major Smith to Lieutenant General the Honourable Henry Edward Fox j dated George Town, 23th April i8on

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Tap ers be printed, as shall be sufficierft for the Use of . the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved stmongst the other Papers of this Session.

Addresses for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Accounts of His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give pfaceTfor"'1 Directions that there be laid before this House, an Ac-Life. count of all Pensions charged upon His. Majesty's

Civil Establishment for Scotland-, specifying the Times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are or may be payable.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of all subsisting Pensions granted by the Crown during Pleasure,or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer; specifying the Amount of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom* and for whole Benefit, such Pensions were granted.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Places for Life, or Lives, whether held by Patent or otherwise; specifying the Dates of such Patents, or other Instruments, by which such Places are held, the Names of the Persons who hold the lame, and the Salaries and Fees belonging thereto; and also, a like Account of all Patents of such Places granted to any Person or Persons in Iteverfioru

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Order read for Committee 09 Habeas Corpus Suspen* ton Indemnity Bill*

Petition* against.

Jasper Moore. John Roberts. Peter Belton.

Thomas Evan a John Herron.

Thomas

Gotdluck.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying such Persons as, since the ill Day of February 1793, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of HighTreason, or Treasonable Practices, be now read.

/vnd the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of Jasper Moore: And also,

A Petition of John Roberts: And also,

A Petition of Peter Belton:And also, A Petition of Thomas Evans: And also,

A p.-tition el John Herron: And also,

A Petition of Themis' Gcodluck;

\Ve:e i'.'vetal.'y {>!.ie:.;cd to the I louse, and read; i it.icg e'.otice of the !uul bill and Complaining of the iir.rthunir.ejit of the Petitioners, under tue ProvisiJiii ei a.e several Aits for empower-

Vc-L.

J.

ing His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government: And praying the House to take their several Cafes into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered . to Jie upon the Table.

Arid a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rr .1 c v \Mr. Hawkins Browne, )

Tellers for the Year,) sjr mukm . j ija.

Telletafor the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Houserefolvts the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning Monday?110 next.

t

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Banker»Note* further Consideration the Report from the Committee &"* deterred, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to in<i»Elee-Order; a Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Bm,'present-Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United ed. Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland; for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Bragge, according to' Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ^ffiaewith to consider of regulating the Trade to and from the Island of Malta, That he was directed by the Committee

to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the Island of Malta, and to declare that the same shall be considered as Part of Europe.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the Island of Malta, and to declare; that the same shall be considered as Part of EuropeAnd that Mr.

Bragge, Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart, and Mr. Addington,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, ac- Copp;r Trade cording to Order, a Bill for altering the Laws now in ®,l\,pres*nt-Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper, for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on

A. i8ot.

trirti Stamp Duties Bill, reported, and re-committed*

Irish Spirit Licences, See. Bill, reported. — Expiring Laws.

Supply de* ferreri.

Irish Expiring Laws Bill, reported.

5*2 -5° J

such Importation and Exportation, and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he fead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said, Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to'resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon. Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; and to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons en-

hnii.

gaged in certain Trades; to continue and amend an ACT paded in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the 13 th and 14th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities, in Manner therein provided, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Eloufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and continue an Act passed in Ireland, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and " for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to aRefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of the Message from the Lords, of Wednesday last, which requests that this House would communicate to their Lordships, Copies of any Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving, of Lands.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a Copy of the said Standing Orders, as desired by their Lord fli ips.

And a Copy of the said Standing Orders having been laid upon the Table;

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the same to the Lords.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional

Stamp

Irish Diltiliert Bill, reported, — Expiring Laws.

Committee on Duties on Exportation of Tea to

Ireland,

Copy of Standing Orders respecting Inclosure Bills, to be carried to the Lords,

Additional Stamp Duties Bill, deferred.

Committee on Kciolution respecting Roads in !n-clolure Bills, deterred*

Bin for' settling Dif-tmtes between diallers and Servants, deterred.

Confhbles ^xpences Bill; deterred.

West Indies,

kc, Prize Courts Bill, deferred.

Bill to exempt Irish Members from certain Duties, deferred.

Irish Members Places Bill, deferred.

41 Geo. III. 5 — 8 ° Jmii.513

Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, The Bill, how ingrossed, t<* Continue Act; passed on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, p^d. and on Ale Licences; for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manu-

Resolved, That this' House will, upon Monday Mom- factures of the Hie of Matt, and for improving the lieve-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. nue thereof; and also, to repeal and amend certain of the

Provisions of the said Act, was, according to Orders read The Order of the Day being read, for the House to the Third Time, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to RThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title consider of the Resolution which was reported from the be, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July Committee to whom the Report was re-committed. One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, passed which was made from the Committee appointed to con- in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present fider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out or and Manufactures of the Ille of A/<z#, and for improving the altering of public Roads; the Revenue thereof; and also, to repeal and amend Ccr-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- tain of the Provisions of the said Act. ingnext, resolve itself into the said Comrpittee. Or, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . The Bill, now ingrafted, to render valid all Adits done Russia, Svre:

the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in *

Matters and Workmen, and also between Masters and* Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Perfor.s 1 ,p

Mistresses of Families and menial and domestic Servants, in Russia, and to Freight of Russia, and DaniJIi

be now read. Ships, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ref That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Resolved, That this House will, upon TuefdayMorn- be> An Act 1° render valid all Acts done in Execution ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council; re-

lating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in The Order of the Day being read, for the Second an<^fQ Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Ships;

Reading of the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, Or, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the

" better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences The other Orders of the Day being read;

of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for transferring the Hair Powder

" Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Cer- ^r£oniJ " against Felons;" and for allowing to High Constables, tificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Transfer Bill, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the deferred-their Charges in certain Cafes; Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties upon Tuesday Morning next. so transferred, be read the Third Time upon Monday

Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole defer'

the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Prize Courts in the IVft Indies and America and for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Fine* and Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals; Reading of the ingrafted Bill for better Payment of Ba^defcrred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices Out of Session 1 ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. i° E, be further adjourned till Monday Morning

next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United. Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great; and to permit, in

certain Cafes, the Removal of the'private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty.

Resolved,-That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for declaring what Persons shall be dil'abled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and; and also,

for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in slvhat Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into the said Committee. vol. 56.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

m4hfc - —

Luna, 8° die Jj

Anno 41* Georgii III*11 Regis* i8or.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,* An Lord Aberga-Act for enabling Henry Nevill Earl of,

to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Heredita- t*l? ments in the County of Monmouth> was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Bragge, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom Adcock'* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm*, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of jpafifedT divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties 6 P of

Trimley Inclosure Bill, reported.

Staxton Inclosure re-conn-mitted Bill, reported.

Molfcroft Inclosure recommitted Bill, reported.

514

8° Junii.

A. 1801.

of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Estates of Joseph Adcock, Grazier, deceased; and, also of divets Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdondo carry the Bill to the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of AJli, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tme; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates having Eight of Common, who are afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 14, who could not be met with; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 158. 6s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Morritt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish of Willcrby, in the East Riding of the County of York;

and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Binning ton and IVillcrby, in the Parish of IVillerby aforesaid, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill,.which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Morritt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Car, within the Township of Molfcroft, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was re-committed;That the Committee had made several ether Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ticklwtonh.

passed.

certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township clolureBl-»

Erdmgton^c. Inclosure Bill,

agreed to»

of Ticklerton, within the Parish of , in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of iTicklerton,within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the lordsAmtni. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ment,to An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wrafte Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and IVitton, in the Parish

of AJion jv.xta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 16. Leave out from " shall" to " die," in Line 19.

1. 21. After " Ad" insert " hefore the " Powers and Authorities hereby " vested in him shall be wholly " and completely executed."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Calvert, Junior, reported from the Committee, Marquisof to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the sported] and Most honourable James Marquis of Salisbury in Trustees, patied. to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles; and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Calvert, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Covingtonra> and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County. of Huntingdon, p* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Walle Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered,

1 by

8° Junil

Ordered, That Mr* Calvert Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney*in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

And several ingrossed Clauses being proposed to be offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryders, and several Amendments being also proposed to be made to the Bill;

And the House being informed that some Persons attended at the Door, who could satisfy the House that the Parties interested were consenting to the said Clauses and Amendments;

The said Persons were called in, and examined; and produced to the House the Consent of the said Parties to the proposed Alterations.

And then they withdrew.

Then an ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allotment in Lieu of Rectorial and Vicarial Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making a Subdivision between the Rector and Vicar.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

: j

" King Henry the Eighth,

" seised, possessed of, or entitled t , " the Impropriate Tythes anfing, " renewing, or payable for, or in " respect of, certain Lands and " Grounds, lying within the said " Hamlet of Lyford, in the said " Parish of Hanney, and the Reverend Richard Bowles, and John " Bunce, Esquire, are Lessees of the Whole or the said Impropriate " Tythes."

Pr. 27. 1. 22. After " out" to insert " except the " Allotments made to the said Procurator and Commonalty, the said " Dean and Chapter* and the said " Vicar as aforesaid."

1. 32. After " Persons" to insert " except " the said Procurator and Commonalty, the said Dean and Chapter, and the said Vicar as aforesaid."

Pr* 35. 1. 36. After " Proportions" to insert " except the said Procurator and " Commonalty, the said Dean and " Chapter, and the said Vicar as " aforesaid."

Pr. 37. 1 . 29. After " Proprietors" to insert " except the said Procurator and " Commonalty, the said Dean and Chapter, and the said Vicar."

And the said Amendments were* upon the Question Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Tythes the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, shall be received till the Execution of the Award. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks. the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Impro- Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill priators and Vicars Fences shall be made by the other to the Lords, aild desire their Concurrence.

Proprietors.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to sir Charle* Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bunbury'* made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees, reported5,'and*

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- the Guildhall Feoffment in Bury Saint Edmunds, in paired, posed to be made the Bill; viz. the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bun-

Pi. 1. I.9. After " thereabouts" to insert " And bury. Baronet, was committed; That the Committee

~ ~ had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Grounds, lying in the said Ham- agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, let of Lyford, in the said Parish

of Hanney:And whereas the Dean A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed for petition

and Chapter of the said Cathedral putting in Execution Two several Acts, passed respec- againstthePe-Church of Sarum are entitled to tively in the ift and 22d Years of His present Majesty's habitants of the Perpetual Advowson, Right Reign, for amending and maintaining the Road from Grave fend, for of Patronage, and Presentation. of Dartford to Northfeet, and other Roads therein men- m

and to the Vicarage of Hanney tioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in Roads Bill, aforesaid, and Robert Downes, the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and Clerk, is Vicar thereof, and is read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the entitled to certain Vicarial or Votes of the House, That a Petition has been presented Small Tythes arising, renewing, or from the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants of happening, within the Hamlet of praying for additional Powers beinginferted in a Bill,now Lyford aforesaid: And whereas depending in the House, for continuing the Term, and ~ " altering the Powers, of the said Two several Acts, which the Petitioners conceive will be very injurious to their Trust to admit: And therefore praying. That they may Vol. 56. be

whereas the Procurator and Commonalty of Vicars of the Cathedral Church of Sarum, in the County of Wilts, are seised and possessed of the Impropriate Rectory of Hanney, in the County of Berks, and in Right thereof are seised and pofl'effect of the Impropriate Tythes arising, renewing, or payable, for or in respect of, certain Lands and

4«

the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Chrjl in Oxford, of the Foundation of

Weaverthorpj

See. Inclosure Bill, passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Staplecross and Hornscross Roads Bill.

RoyftonRoads

Bill.

Rockwardine, Scc. Inclosure ami Drainage BUL

516 8® Jnuii. A. 1801.

be heard, by themselves, Or Counfei, igainst the said otherwise Ercall in the same County; without

Petition. any Amendment: And also.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CaflfeFroomt, Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Froome, in the themselves, or Counfei, before the said Committee* County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Mea-tipon their Petition, if they think fit. dow* called Long Froomy, situate in the ftfid Parish of

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishop's Froome, mittee, That they do admit Counfei to be heard* at Much Cowarne, and in the said County of

the same Time, against the said Petition. Herefordwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rifyand An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable eoure Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Helper- within the ievcral Parishes of and Fornham All

thorp, East Lutton, and West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Saints, in the County of Suffolk-, without any Amend-Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp, in the Eait ment: And also,

Riding of the County of York; and for making a Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aldenfcmin. pensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontlleads, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the ment^m£D and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships relpec- Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford-, with v tively, was read the Third Time. some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords

The Amendment following was proposed to be made desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, to the Bill; viz. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Jhe Lords

Pr. 85, 1. To leave out frorn therein* to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Suiiut Hildsy in ^atepaikd the End of Line 1. in Pr. 88. the Parish of farrow, in the County of ,_ to ch"^d$

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground tales Ba put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the was amended at the Table accordingly. said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry; to

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open And also.

Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several House, That the Lords do request that this House will ofcerw K*-Townships of IVeaverthorp, Helperthorp, East Lutton, and be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, Copies porn.

West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of of the First and Second Reports made from the Select Weaverthorp, in the East Riding of the County of York-, Committee of this House, appointed to examine the and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes Journals of this House, and Records of Parliament, for thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient Mcf- Precedents respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy fuages, Cottages, Frontlleads, and inclosed Lands, within Orders to fit in this House: And also, the same Townships respectively. The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafeelles do carry the Bill House, That the Lords do request that this House will to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, a Copy

of the Report made from the Committee, to whom the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. Petition of Matthias Koops, Gentleman, respecting his Popkam: Invention for making Paper from various refuse Ma-

Mr. Speaker, terials, was referred.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act And then the Messengers withdrew,

to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, Resolved, That this House will fend Answers to those The House

in the Parish of Ewhurst, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Parts of the Message from the Lords, which request that Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike this House would be pleased to communicate to their Road near Brickwall House, in the said Parish of Northiam, Lordships, Copies of the Reports therein mentioned, by and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Messengers of their own:

The Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, and also the And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Parish of Bodiam, and from thence, through the Parishes And then they again withdrew, of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road

at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the Mr. Lafeelles reported from the Committee, to skellow, fct.

County of Sussex-, without any Amendment: And whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im- Inclosure Bill, also, . proving, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and rcportc '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Townfl?ip of for more effectually repairing and improving the South Skellow, in the Parish of Owston, in the West Riding District or Division of the Roads from Royfton, in the of the County of , was committed; and to whom

County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the the Petition of several Proprietors of Houses, Lands,

County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amend- and Estates, in the Townships of Bentley and in

ing an Act, pasted in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign the Parish of Arkfey, and Manor of Bentley, in the Well of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act; relates Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereto the said District; without any Amendment: And under-written; and also, another Petition of several also. Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates, in the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Townships of Bentley and Arkfey, in the Parish of for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improv- and Manor of Bentley, in the West Riding of the County ing, several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small of York, whose Names are thereunder-written, were fe-Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other verally referred; That the Committee had examined. Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela-of Rockwardine, Eyton, Kinnersley, and Waters Upton, in tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and the County of Salop, and within the several Townships that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and 5 found

4i Geo. III.

8° Juniu

5*7

Leicester and Peterborough Road re committed Bill, reported.

found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Chesterand cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George parted, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His rnents thereunto, which they had directed him to report present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- City of , to , and from thence to

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- Newpo, in the County of , and several other rnents were Once read throughout; and then a Second Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally to the Road leading from aforesaid, through

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ternhilto Newport aforesaid, being the Second Dii-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be trift of the said Roads, was read the Third Time, ingroll'ed. R That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and Sir William Lozvtker reported from the Committee, from thence to the End of the then next Session of to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and and in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present jesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, Bars at , within the Liberties of the City of

and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to in re-committed; That the Committee had made several the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein-

Bnmifton Inclosure Bill, rtported.

other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hisPjace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by-One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee,

mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through to Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. '

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Freehold Messuages in Lombard Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the

Irwin's Estate Bill, committed.

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real

Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Yarmouth, the Lord Arden, &c.: And they are to to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Rutland, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the StandingOrders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegat ions of the Bill, and found the same Speaker's Chamber, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Corn- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which mon called Crowland , or Goggushland, and cer-

they had direeled him to report to the House; and he tain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable, and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Waste Grounds, called The Wajhes, and Fodder Lots, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: in, adjoining, or near to, the Township of Crowland,

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

Crowland drainage and Inclosure Bill, reported.

House.

Ordered, That ingrossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Saint Hilds Chapelry 1/ra/es Bill, read.

An ingrossed Bill

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 6 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Common Rights, from the Lords, intituled, An Act who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole to enable tire- Curate of the Chapelry of Saint Hilds, in of the Common Rights are 133; and that no Person ap-the Parish of farrow, in the County of Durham, to peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground that the Committee'had gone through the Bill, and lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry, was directed him to report to the House; and he read the read the First Time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Enfield Tn-closure Bill, committed.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds,

Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of ingrossed.

Middlesex,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Afabylndo-waring, Lord William Rif l'd, &c.: And they are to meet draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, fare Bill, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste passed* Chamber. Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of

Vol. 56. 6 Q Bottesford,

A. 1801,

8° Junii.

Tt tbuTy Roads Bill, faded.

Lifkeurd Ronds Bill, pulled.

Chdllon Inclosurc Bill, reported.

Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln, Was read the Third and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Time. and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of otherwise

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Chelvejion cum , in the County of Northampton,

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, was committed; That the Committee had examined, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rc-Pastures> Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the lative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with i Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the and that the Committee had examined the Allegations County of Lincoln. of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Ordered, That Mr. Vvner do carry the Bill to the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the

' Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

An ingrafted Bill, for continuing the Term, and alter- Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in to report-to the House; and he read the Report in his the 31 ft.Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the lteign of Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

to the Road from the Market House in to the

Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Pond in

ChalfordBottom, and through to the Bottom of the

Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road from Tayloe's Alill Pond aforesaid, to Fofons Ash, in the Parish of Bijley, in the said County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market Houfi? in 'Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tay toe's Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Glou; and for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road from Mill

Pond aforesaid, to Fojlons Ash,in the Parish of Bifey, in the said County of 67 oucester.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 1 ft and ioth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Ltjkeard, and from thence to Coombe Row House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of WcJlTaphouse Lane to the Borough of and from thence to The Coombe Row House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

Ordered, That the Marquis of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom B.irkway an<i the Bill for dividing) allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, committed* Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Bill, reported, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, in the County of Hertford, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, and for extingui thing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets, w'as recommitted; That the Committee had further inquired into the State of Contents; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-faClion of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates aflelled to the Land Tax at f. 35. per Annum, who re-fuled to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates aflelled at £.81. 12 s.6 dwho were neuter;

and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at 6t, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, are assessed to the Land Tax at f. 2,035. 15 per

Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppoie the Bill); and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any further Amendment; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Paxton, of Middleton Hall, in petition of the County of Carmarthen, Etqu i re, was presented to the Mr.i'axtonfor House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for form- p^'ras"111 ing, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and Paving Bill, otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

Squares, and other public Passages and Places which are, and shall be made, upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancrin the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner and Proprietor of a Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing Sixteen Acres, or thereabouts, in Part built upon, and the remaining Part intended to be formed into Squares and Streets, and built upon, situate on the East Side of Tottenham Court Read, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, otherwise called Town, in the County of Middlesex-, and that the said Estate adjoins to the Ground of the said Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton, intended to be included in the said Bill; and that it would be a Benefit to the Neighbourhood, and to the said Dowager Baroness Southampton, if the Estate of the Petitioner should be comprized in

the

e

I County

j Bridges Bill,

! deferred.

Irtfolvent Debtors Bill, deferred.

King's Mef-lage for a Vote of Credit.

.Reports from Committee of Precedents to be communicated to the Cords.

The King appoints to be attended with the Address of both Houses, respecting the Promulgation of Statutes.

the said Bill: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given, That such his Estate may be comprized and included in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt. Lord William Rnfjell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the In-. habitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr., Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz,

GEORGE R.

As the State of Public Business may soon enable His Majesty to put an End to the present Session, His Majesty thinks it proper to recommend it to the House of Commons, to consider of making Provision to enable His Majesty to defray such Extraordinary Expences, (in Addition to those which will be incurred in fulfilling the specific Engagements which His Majesty has already directed to be laid before Parliament) and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of the Message from the Lords, which desires that this House would communicate to their Lordships Copies of the First and Second Reports made from the Select Committee of this House, appointed to examine the Journals and Records of Parliament, for Precedents respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House.

Rtfohcd, That this House will communicate to the Lords printed Copies of the said Reports, as desired by their Lordships.

And the said Copies having been laid upon the Table;

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the same to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed Tomorrow, at Vot. 56.

Two of the Clock, to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, at His Palace at Kew; and that their Lordships have ordered the Duke of and the Lord Steward of the Household, to attend His Majesty therewith, on the Part of the Lords; and do desire this House to appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message, to wait upon His Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Steele, do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message, to wait upon His Majesty with the said Address.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the EaflIndia Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Particular Items of the Gross " Sum of£. 2,672,440, set forth in the Account (N° 24),

presented to the Honourable House of Commons on " the 8th Day of May last, from the East India Company, as a Debt due from Government to the said " Company."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other ‘Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Persons thereunder-signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, residing in the Town and County of Poole, and carrying on the British Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the British Fishery carried on in the llland of Newfoundland has ever been considered to be highly advantageous to the Nation, as well as beneficial to the Individuals immediately concerned in the Prole-cution of it, and has therefore been deemed worthy the Attention of the Legislature, which has, from Time to Time, by Acts of Encouragement and Protection, given it that Support which Circumstances required, and without which, no Concern depending upon adventitious Occurrences could at certain Times exist; and that the said Fishery is at the present Period an Object peculiarly worthy of the National Concern, inasmuch as it affords a valuable Nursery for Seamen, as, with proper Encouragement, it might become a Source of Individual, and consequently National Wealth, and as a certain Resource to which the Nation might always look for a never-failing Supply of wholesome and nutritive Food in every same of Emergency; and that the said Fishery is at this Time in a State of extreme Deprellion, occasioned principally by the peculiar Circumstances of the Times, in consequence of which, the Price of the various Articles of Provisions and Stores, necessary for the Prosecution of the said Fishery, are enhanced in an exorbitant Degree, while, at the same Time, those Markets,which have hitherto remained open for the Sale of the Produce, have been proportionably depressed, and by far the greatest Part of those Markets to which the Petitioners have usually resorted, have for several Years been lhut against them; and that the Petitioners, since their

Exclusion

House appoints Four Members to wait 011 His Majesty.

Particulars of Account of Money due to the East India Company, presented.

Petition from Poole, respect-Sng the Newfoundland Fishery.

Answer to AddrelTe*.

8° Junti.

A \ 1801.*

Exclusion from the Ports of Spain and Italy, have been ac- printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members

customed to fend the Produce of the said Fishery to the of the House.

Ports of Portugal, where, the Markets being over-stocked, they have experienced such heavy Sales as have occasioned great Loss. They now view with Concern the Prospect of the Markets of Portugal also being Ihut against them, when they shall have no other Resource than the Itlands and the United States of America, whose joint Consumption bearing no Proportion to the Produce of the Fishery, they must consequently be burthened with a large undifpol'able Property; and, even should their Fears with Regard to Portugal happily prove unfounded, still the Petitioners, rilking large Properties, with very flender ProfpeCis of any suitable Returns, shall need the supporting Aid of the Legislature, and without it will, in all Probability, be eventually compelled to abandon the Trade; and that the Petitioners have good Reason to believe, from the Experience of the last Winter, in the Course of which a considerable (Quantity of dry Cod Fish was consumed by the lower and middling Classes of the Community in the Western Parts of this Kingdom, that this Country would take off Annually a considerable Quantity of that Article, provided it could be rendered at reasonable Prices. The Petitioners therefore submit to the House, the Propriety, in a National Point of View, of granting such Encouragement, by way of Bounty, as, by insuring to the Petitioners a Price adequate to the Charges of taking, curing, and importing the fame, and in some Measure equal to what they have been in the Habits of obtaining in Foreign Markets, would enable them to order a Part of the Produce of the said Fishery to be brought to this Country; and the Petitioners cannot but consider this as a Measure likely to be eminently beneficial to the Nation, as well as to the Trade in which they are concerned, and entertain no Doubt, but the Consumption of the United Kingdom would, in the Course of a few Years, be equal to One-Fourth Part of the Fish caught in Newfoundland; and, in this Event, the introducing into general Use a wholesome nutritious Article of Food, of which a Supply, to almost any Extent, may be secured to the Community, may naturally be expected to have the happiest Influence in reducing and keeping down the Price of fresh Provisions in future: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into serious

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America; and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

West Indies, &c. Prize Courts Bill, deterred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Islands of Jamaica and Martinico, and at Halifax, in America, for the Time being, Contingent Annuities, to take Place on Resignation, under certain Regulations.

Contingent

Annuities to Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts, to be. considered.

Committee of Supply.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented fape«refbea« to the House upon Wednesday last, by Mr. Secretary at College!&c7 War, by His Majesty's Command, respecting the Efta- referred, blishment of a Royal Military College and Asylum, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was

fc

Consideration, and adopt such Measures for their Relief directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

as shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. "Jefferies, Sir William Elford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying such Persons as, since the ift Day of

Mr. William Dundasreported to the House, That

their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Accounts therein respectively mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

February 1793, have acted in the apprehending, im-

Bill for securing Copy-rightjortiered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time to be therein mentioned: And that Mr. Abbot, Mr. Knox, Mr. Cony, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Accountto be printed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper, which was this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, be

prisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons ful'pected of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Petition of George Blythe, Shoemaker: And also,

A Petition of Joseph Patten: And also,

A Petition of Wallis Eastburn: And also,

A Petition of John Bone, Bookseller;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Complaining of the Imprisonment of the Petitioners, under the Provisions of the several Acts for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government: and Praying the House to take their several Cafes into

Habeas Corpus Suspen-lion lndtm-nity Bill, reported.

Petitions

against.

GeorgeBlythe. Joseph Fatten. Wallis East-buin.

John Bone.

Consideration.

8° Junii.

S3r

Committee on Irish Members Flaw JkJ il*

Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass

into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland, and also, for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntowhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Bill to exempt Irish Members from certain Duties, withdrawn.

Another Bill, ordered.

Irish Courts Bill, deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to exempt, for a Time to be limited, from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; and to permit, in certain Cafes, the Removal of the private Effects of such Persons, between Great Britain and Ireland, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the said Bill contains Provisions not authorized by the Order of Leave for preparing, and bringing in, the lame;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to exempt from the Payment ot certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only anoccafional Residence in Great Britain: And that Mr. Abbot, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Addington,

and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to Vender the Procels of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal

Actions; »

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Friday Morning next.

Vo L. 56.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Public Notaries, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lnjh* ington, Sir John rVilliam Anderfoti, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BilPbe committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and' amend the several Laws in Ireland, to regulate the ilfuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of

September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amend, the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the bluing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ah, Deer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue several Laws, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collcding and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of reflifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Redifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland-, to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures, and to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of relating to the

regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the & 6 R Duties

Notaries Bill, co.Timirted*

Jri'hEle&iont* Bdl, corn* jnitted.

Irish Spirit Licences, &c. Bill, paUca.- Expiring Laws*

Irish Expirifli Laws Bill* paised.

5*

8° Jun

dl. i8oj.

Duties on Auctions and Glais Bottles, and on Paper Mr. Braggs, according to Order, reported From the ReportDj. printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings; to Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and pre- ferfed to consider of the Duties payable on the Exporta- to irclmi. venting Frauds by Rediliers; to the further Improve- ' nr' r ' 7 ' ' ' ' ' *

ment of the Fisheries on the Coasts' of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating

tion of Tea to Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the faine was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain That it is expedient to permit the Exportation of Tea Manufactures; to the better securing the Duties on to without Payment of any Duties.

Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Re- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the venue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive House.

ind continue, until the said Twenty-ninth Day of Sep- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Umber, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Mr. Abbot,

Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Ma- and Mr. Nicholas Panjittart, do prepare, and bring in the jesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein lame.

provided.

Ordered, That Mr. Carry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Bi|, so, Rj, Order, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Recovery cover/of of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs, and fors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of presented, Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administra-

Irith Distillers Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third SpirmgLaw", Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) tdameod and continue an Act, passed in Ireland, in the 40th Year of the tion of Justice within tire same: And the same was re-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ceived, and read the First Time.

" regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing " the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Nicholas Vunfit tart presented to the House, ac- Malta Trade cording to Order, a Bill for empowering His Majesty to

Committee appointed to consider Standing Orders relative to Inclosure Bills.

ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred regulate the Trade to and from the Island of Malta; and Two, an Act, passed in Ireland in the Fortieth Year and to declare that the same shall be considered as Part of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An of Europe: And the same was received; and read the First " Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for Time.

" securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits." Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Carry do carry the Bill to the Or, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Tomorrow Morning.

Oidered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Mr> Corry presented to the House, according to Order, lrish Members Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relative a Bi]J tQ c from the Payment of certain Duties,

to Bills of Inclosure: And that they do repor t efame, fucia Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for

Order for Committee on Resolution respecting Roads in Inclosure Bills, discharged.

Inclosure Con-jolidation Bill, deferred.

with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Have kins Sir Buxton, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Sir H St.John Mild-

may. Sir William Pu/teney,the Lord Sheffield, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Whitbread, Sir William Toung, Mr. Bryan Cocke, Sir William Mr. Mr. Fullarton, Sir Martin Browne Foikes, Mr. Mr.

Stanhope, Mr. St urges, Mr. Mr. of

Lancashire , Mr. Corry; and all the Knights for Shires, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Resolution which was reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, so far as respects the setting out or the altering of public Roads, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Order be discharged.

Ordered, That tl ic Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for consolidating, in One Ad, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadsusually required on the passing of l'uch Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the Fii ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to spirits Tm-consider of the Duties payable on Spirits made in, and ported from imported from, Ireland; frrrecu'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bin to catl resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jnffi,indT3s upon the Bill for extending the Period of Preference Redemption, granted, and continued, by several Acts, to Bodies Cor- deferred* porate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land 'fax;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

w

»!.

fc

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^ni"wExpJj consider of several Acts for encouraging the Fisheries f"®«d*W4' carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great

fir,

h

41 Geo. III. 8° — 9 Q JuniL543

C 'ppn* Track t:il, ccta-

liucted.

I'ifK $tirr£ fifties Billi Interred.

Additional Stamp Duties 1HU$ deferred*

Hnr Powder and Armorial Bearings Transfer Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Fines and Forfeitures Bill, deferred.

Great Britain, Ireland., and the Dominions in

Europe; for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; for granting a Bounty upon certain

Species of Brit ifi and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Y arns made of Fiax; for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; For making the Port of St, John, in the Island of Antipin, a free Port* and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in Neutral Ships;

Refolded, That this House will, To-molrrow. Morning* resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper j for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation* and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hdufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidci* further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Pro-miflbry Notes, and on certain Insurances therein men-, tinned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, 1'hat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itleif into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Heading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing I IairPowder, or tiling Armorial Beamings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs ot Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Thjrd Reading of the ingross'ed Bill, for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures impoied by j ustices out of Session in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vql. 56,

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duty on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to COnf1(ierea. consider of charging an additional Duty bn Bricks made in Great Britain, above a certain Size.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Exemption of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Com,kc. consider of exempting Corn, Grain, Rice, and other riury, to be"1* Provisions imported into Great Britain, from the Auction considered. Duty, on thcFirft: Sale thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosirtg, Slimbridge the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open and BilI»

Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste

Ground, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester-, and sots allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County.

Ordered, That the Marquis of IVdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itleif into a Committee of the Committee qj whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill Bill

From the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Mar-1 1 '

riage of fames Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strahan took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill); and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martts, 9° d*e J;

Anno 41* Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for building a Pier at Skeetness, in sbeemefi Pier the Isle of Sheppy,in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering, certain Duties, 'pa e for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways,

Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places,

within that Part of the Parish of Min the said Isle

of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and

Garrifonof SheernefsJ, called Blue Tozun and Mile Town-,

and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, ^nd Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Pier Sheerness, in the Isle

of

t

Winchester Gaol, &c. Rill, reported*

florfley and Dudbridge Roads Bill, reported.

Denchworth ladol'ure recommitted Bill, reported.

Accounts of Arrears and Balances of

90 Junii. A. 1 Bo 1.

of Sheppy, in the County of K; for ascertaining, im-

poling, and recovering, certain Duties, for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier} for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Pillages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of in the said file

of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness), called Blue Town and Town;and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

Sir RichardGamou reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for completing the Common Gaol, now building in and for the City of Wine hestand lor purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Marquis of WorceJlerreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act:, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Til,tups Inn, in the Parish of to join the

Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dndbridge, at or near Dndbridge,in the Parish of and from the Bridge at Nai/sworth, in the Parish of to

Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the county of ; and for

altering some Parts of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The* House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from the Commissioner* for managing the Duties arising by

Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, D;Jrib at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their ofs;imps Orders, p,eltn‘«l-

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears clue, on the 5th of January 1801, from the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; distingui firing the Names of such Distributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof:

And also,

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, on the loth Day of October 1800, and on the 5th Day of "January 1801, respectively; distinguishing the Names of the Distributors, and for what Counties; and the Amount of their respective Disbursements, for Incidents, Poundage, and Parliamentary Allowances or Dilcounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom Wrexlam the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d reported. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; and for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of

Ruthin,into the Turnpike Road from Coraven to Llanrivfl, at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mazvr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd,in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BiJi, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

O

An ingrossed Eill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jervoift's Effor veiling Part of the Estates of the Reverend George '-tel«n,com Huddleston Purefoy Jervoise, deviled by the Will of m, IK

Trijlram Hudd/efion JervoiJ'e, Esquire, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money to arile therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. DickinJ'on, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, lo much of an A cl, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth

Years

The Lords have agreed to

Militia Adjutants Allowances

Militia Subalterns Allowances Bill.

Ii iih Indemnity Bill.

Irish Foundling Hoinital Bill.

Brough Roads Bill.

Rugby Road Bill.

Mitford and Launditch Poor Bill.

Baflingbome Inclosure Bill.

Holme Hale, kc. Inclosure Bill.

Watton and Carbrooke Inclosure Bill.

Kettlewell Inclosure Bill.

41 Geo. III. 9 0 Junii.525

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; and to amend the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them-l'elves for Offices or Employments in , according to Law; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Management, Support, and Maintenance,

" of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin-, and for " amending, and further continuing, an Act, passed " in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin," without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of B rough - trader- St a inn. ore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwto join the Turnpike

Road leading from Lutterzvortk to Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of " Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk f without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Baffingborne,in the County of Cambridge-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme Hale and kVeJl Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and Carbrooke, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Conifione Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Vol. 56.

several Townships of Kettlewell and Conifotie, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the- Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Townlhipof Skellow, in the Parish of Oivfonin the West Hiding of the County of York,was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Pan ill of Owfon, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Air. Henry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of George Bedford, of Ely Place, in the County of Middlesex, Solicitor and Agent for Jane

Campb 7, of Inveriiiel,in the County of Argyle, in North

Britain, was present ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Order of the House, made on the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the Alarriage of " Jane Campbell with Edward Addison, her now Husband, on Account of his incelluous Adultery with " the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable " the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other " Purposes therein mentioned," it was ordered. That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was referred, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard, by Coun-fel, or produce Witnesses; and that the Petitioner hath caused diligent Search and Enquiry to be made after the said Edward Addison, and of his Place of Abode, but

hath not been able todifeover the fame; and that the Petitioner hath discovered that the last or usual Place of Abode of the said Edward Addison was at Number 29, in Leicester Square, and the Counting House of the said Edward Addison, where he carried on or transacted his Mercantile Business, at Number 24, in Cornhill, in the City of London, at neither of which Places, however, the Petitioner was able to get any other Intelligence of the said Edward Addison, but that he was gone Abroad; and the said Edward Addison now is, as the Petitioner hath been since informed, at Hamburgh; and that Henry Smith, of Draper's Hall, Throgmorton Street, London, is the Solicitor for the said Edward Addison: And therefore praying, That Service of the said Order, and delivering an attested Copy of the Bill now depending in the House, to the said Henry Smith, may be deemed as effectual Notice to the said Edward Addison of the Order of the House, and of the Time of the Commitment of the said Bill, as if he were Personally ierved with the fame.

And the House being informed that the said George Bedford was attending at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the Allegations contained in the said

6 S Petition;

Wilby Incle-sure Bill.

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Acts, with Amendment s.

Skellow, See. Inclosure liiilf passed.

Mr. Bedford's Petition, reflecting Ad-difon's Divorce Bill.

o

9 Junn.

A. 1801.

Petition; and produced to the House a Letter from the said Henry Smith, which was read.

And then he withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour- nal of the House, of the 27th Day of February 1750, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Gascoyne Finch, Agent for Godfrey Copley, of Sprot-brough, in the County of York, Esquire, might be

read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 5th Day of May 1796, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Thomas Bolton, Agent for James Christie, Esquire, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of May 1799, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Thomas Bolton, Agent for John Thoroton, Clerk, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Service of the said former Orders of this House, and of this Order, upon the said Mr. and leaving an attested Copy of the said ingrossed Bill with him, be deemed to be good Service of the same upon the said Edward.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to fetiin*r Dir re ^ve idelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon

putes between the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Mailers and Masters and Workmen, and also between Masters and Mistresses of Families and menial and domestic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfe'.f into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Jodrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Corisideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Servants.

reported*

An Twer to Addreli.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Cony, Mr. Steele, and himself, went to wait upon His Majesty at Kew, where they found the Duke of Portland and the Lord Steward of the Household, from the Lords, to present the Address agreed upon by both Houses to His Majesty; and that they presented the fame; and His Majesty was pleated to lay. He would give Directions accordingly.

The Lords de- A Meftltge from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

fut a Copy of Pcph.am:

£c2 _Mr; Speaker,

t«s of Sccrtcy. The Lords have Commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy

of the Second Report made from the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords, a printed Copy of the said Report, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Copy fc»t» Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed Copy tlieLord‘-was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be fetit to the Lords, to House reacquaint them, that this House doth request that the 2f Standing Lords will be plcaled to communicate to this House, Ordersofd* Copies of any Standing Orders of the House Lords, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving, dosure Biiu. of Lands.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Message.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is con- King's Concerned in the Bill for continuing the Term; and altering ftaWe°Roai^ and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 26th BilL Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford-, which Bill was, upon the 28th Day of April last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the AdtuHeo. 2ift Year of the Reign of King the Eighth, in- Ynr'

1 1 „ o , Hr, , -> . =? Y»i ing Spiritual

tituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged trom having Flu- Persons, tube " ralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, &c." cwiudered. might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Residence of the Clergy on their respective Livings, and to their taking of Farms.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Lemon accordingly reported from the report*!, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to protect and relieve, under certain. Provisions and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-Residence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms.

And Sir William Lemon moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Bill ordered protect and relieve, under certain Provisions and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-

Residence

Banker's

Notes Bill, further confi-4ere<L

Committee on Contiagent Annuities to Judges of Vice Admiralty ^Courts.

Report of Medkges to the Lords,

90 Junii.

527

Residence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms: And that Sir William Lemon, Mr. Dickinson, Sir William Scotty and Mr. Gregor, do prepare* ana bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro--posed. That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word "now," and at the end of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word."now" stand Part of the Question;

'Hie House divided.

The Noes went fort hi

Tellers for the Yeas Elf or d,

1 Liters for tlu- easQMr. Martin of Galway t

Tellers for the Noes, \M1" QMr.

] 4°*

11.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrafted.

to their Lordships, printed Copies of the First and-Second Reports made from the Select Committee of this House, appointed to examine the Journals and Records of Parliament, for Precedents respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in this House.

Mr. Bragge also reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, delivered to their Lordships, a Copy of the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving of Lands.

Mr. Bragge likewise reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, delivered the Message sent by this House to the Lords, requesting that their Lordships would communicate to this House, Copies of any Standing Orders of the House of Lords, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving of Lands; and that the Lords will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report, Sup, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re. ply* ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Miiitiry Col-That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty Thousand Pounds, l:6e* be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the Purchase of Land, and the Construction of Buildings, for a Royal Military College, being the Sum that will probably be required for the said Service in the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Military Afy-That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Four lum* Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, on Account of certain Premises, at Che If a, intended for a Royal Military Asylum, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Islands of Jamaica and Martinito, and at Halifax, in America, for the Time being, Contingent Annuities, to take Place on Resignation, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Islands of Jamaica and Martinico, and at Halifax, in America, for the Time being. Contingent Annuities, to take Place on Resignation, under certain Regulations.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, That they they had come to a Refdlution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge repotted to the House, That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, and delivered Vot. 56.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported trifo Mem-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the P)ace5 , Bill for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from 1 'reporte fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and also for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill Avail be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to corn;, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to of Rebellion, be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of deferred. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and " further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of " June One thousand Eight hundred and One, TwoAfts,

" passed

1

Bill for securing Copyright, present-cd.

Irish Members Exemption Bill, committed.

Irish Elections, &c. Bill, deferred.

Addref* for Surveys and Estimates of Scotch Roads,

Constables Expences Bill, committed.

528 90 Junii. A. 1801.

" passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called " fond, in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the 4‘ Rebellion which (till exists within that Kingdom, and " for the Protection of the Persons and Property of " His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mf. Abbotpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to exempt from the Payment' of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to lerve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Surveys and Estimates for the making of Roads of Communication between the Eastern and Western Coasts of Scotland, through the Shires of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness, as have been prepared in consequence of the Address of this House, upon the 2d Day of July 1789.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moil Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for " al.owing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to " give Evidence against Felonsand for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England,their Charges in certain Cales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee Cn to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Irtfurances therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Inltruflio.. mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the Relief of Persons in Ireland, holding obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Van/,!tart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfsttart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Bill for Expor-Order, a Bill to permit the Exportation of Tea to [^Ireland, Ireland, without Payment of any Duty, under certain preiemed. -Restrictions: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Printers In- 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- ordered! B'U' tuled, " An Act for the more effectual Suppression of " Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable " Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and " Seditious Practices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave1 be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publifti or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon:

And that Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Hi/ey Addington, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Additional upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional bui?P Dutl* Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Com- Instruction mittee. That they have Power to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Malta Trade Bill, committed.

Estimatcs of Sierra Leone* presented#

appendix

(No. 52.)

Committee on Duty on Bricks.

Committee on Exemption of Com, &c. from Auction Duty.

Mr. Kemeys' Bill, deferred.

41 Geo. III.

0 o

) --10

Junii.

529

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the Island of and

to declare, that the same shall be considered as Part of Europe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordinly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, by

His Majesty's Command,

EHamate of the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone, for 1801.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging an additional Duty on Bricks made in Great Britain, above a certain Size, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of exempting Corn, Grain, Rice, and other Provisions, imported into Great Britain, from the Auction Duty on the First Sale thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners " of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall " be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by " the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for " the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it " shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will " be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in " order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard " Rigby to His Majesty;"

Vol. $6>

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to inciofure resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ba^defalS! the Bill for consolidating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts usually required on the passing of such Acts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of j^eforJfe" Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, j£bCt7due to in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great His Majesty, Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of comn"tte<*-Justice within the same, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Bill to amend next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole Hotile, Acts re-upon the Bill for extending the Period of Preference Tax Rfdemp-granted, and continued, by several Acts, to Bodies Cor- tion, deferred, porate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting at* Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Committee on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts for encouraging the deferred.' Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland , and the British Dominions in Europe; for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; for making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for transferring the Hair Powder Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certifi- g£r^oni1 cates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bear- Transfer Bill, ings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Com- de*rred-millioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Read- Fines and ing of the ingrossed Bill, for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in ' e e England, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuri/y 10° die Junii \

Anno 41* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. JoJhuaSmith reported from the Committee, wiiisford

to whom the Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Down$, reported. *

6 T Common

Report on Koops' Patent Petition, to be com-jnonicated to the Lords.

Scarborough Harbour Bill, reported.

North Frodingham Inclohire Bill, passed,

Report on . Exeter Navigation Bill, further con-fid cad.

530

10° Junii. H. 1801.

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of W otherwise fVilhford Dauntfey, otherwise IVillesfordDaunt fey, in the County of

Wilts, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration, that Part of the Message from the Lords, of Monday last, which delires that this House would communicate to their Lordships, a Copy of the Report made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Matthias Hoops, Gentleman, respecting his Invention for making Paper from various retule Materials, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will communicate to the Lords a printed Copy of the said Report, as delired by their Lordships.

And the said Copy having been laid upon the Table; Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the same to the Lords.

Mr. Phipps reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for further continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the 5th and 25th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of T'ork, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Cars, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Town-ship of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Froding-

ham, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Cars, Common and 'Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham, in the Pari fir of North Frodingham, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands, in the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. Merritt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 2d Day of this Inltant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and

extending the Navigation of the River from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Credit oh, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and us

shall be necessary for that Purpose, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of M 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the BrC-A-r-! Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ind„f-s.\ and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in agrecJr.)_ the Parish of A/denham, in the County of Hertford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 23.1. 2. After " Parish" insert Clauses (A.) (B.) and (C.)

Clause (A.)" And be it further Enabled, That if " any Money, Part of the Surplus Money arising by the Sale " of F.states hereinbefore directed " to be sold, shall be payable to " any Corporation, Feme Covert,

" Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability " or Incapacity, such Money shall,

" in case the same shall amount to " the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds " or upwards, with all convenient " speed be paid in to t he Bank of " land,in the Name and with the " Privity of the Accountant General " of the High Court of Chancery,

" to be placed to his Account, ex " parte the said Commissioners, to " the Intent that such Money shall " be applied under the Direction,

" and with the Approbation, of the " said Court, to be signified by an " Order made upon a Petition to " be preferred in a summary Way,

"by the Person or Persons who " would have been entitled to the " Rents and Prolits of the said " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the " Land Tax, or towards Discharge " of any Debt or Debts, or such " other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the " same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or alFefting other " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments. Handing Fettled therewith, to the same or the like " Uses, Intents, or Purpol'es; or " where such Money shall not be " so applied, then the same shall " be laid out and invested undet

" the

tc the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the " Purchase of other Messuages, " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon,such " and the like Uses, Trusts, In-<f tents, and Purposes, and in the " same Manner, as the Hereditaments in, respect of which the " Money shall be so payable, stood " settled or limited, or such of them, " as at the Time of making such <c Conveyance and Settlement, shall "be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in thfc " mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said

" Money shall, by Order of the Court " of Chancery, upon Application " thereto, be invested by the said " Accountant General in his Name, " in the Purchase of Three Pounds " per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, " and until the said Bank Annuities " shall be ordered by the said Court *c to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual " Produce of the said Consolidated " or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall " from Time to Time be paid, by " Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for " the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of tc the said Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such " Purchase or Settlement were " made."

Clause (B.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if any such Money c< so agreed, adjudged, or awarded,

" to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to " any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or " Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be " less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed " the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then,

" and in all such Cases, the same " shall, at the Option of the Person . " or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of " the Hereditaments so purchased,

" taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

" Committee or Committees, in " case of Infancy or Lunacy, to " be signified in Writing under " their respective Hands, be paid " into the Bank, in the Name,

" and with the Privity of the said " Accountant General of the High " Court of Chancery, and be placed " to his Account as aforesaid, in " order to be applied in Manner " hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the " like Option toTwoTrullees, to be

VOL. 56.

Junii. 531

nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and ap* proved by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approba* " tion to be signified in Writing, " under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in " order that such Principal Money, " and the Dividends arising thereon, " may be applied in any Manner " hereinbefore directed, so far as the " Cafes shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required " to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery."

Clause (C.) u Provided al(b, and be it further " Enabled, That where such Money " so agreed, adjudged, ci awarded " to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty " Pounds, then, and in all such " Cafes, the same shall be applied " to the Use of the' Person or Persons who would, for the Time " being, have been entitled to the " Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, in respect of which " the Money shall be so payable, " in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in " case of Infancy or Lunacy, then " to his, her, or their Guardian or " Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and " Benefit of such Perfen or Per-<c fons so entitled respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do'carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Histon Saint Andrew, and Histon Saint and of

Impington, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Impington, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 1,020 Acres, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property to be inclosed consists of 3,680 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bil], with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabisl Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Mellage

Hiftorl and

Impington Indoiurc Bill, reported.

A. 1801.

Xleflage

from the Lords, relative to Standing Orders re-(petting Inclosure Bills.

The Lords have agreed to

Banbury and Edge Hill Road Bill.

Tyne Bridge Bill.

Kingston upon Hull Streets and Dock Bill.

Headmgton

Allotment

Bill.

Heyford Tn-dciurc Bill.

New n (tie upon Tyne Fort Bill, with Amendments.

A Meffige from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr. Pophamt Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to communicate to this House, a Copy of the Standing Order of their Lord ships, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving, of Lands, as requested by this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords have referred the Copy of the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving, of Lands, communicated by this House to the Lords, in Compliance with their Lordships Requell, to a Select Committee; and have given Power to the said Committee to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee appointed by this House, to take into Consideration the said Standing Orders: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to * widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post, near H the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County " of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rifitg, at the " Top of Edge Hill, in the County of and the other, pafl'cd in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term, and Powers, of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms, and Powers, " of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years " of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a " temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge M over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the county of,

" and making the Avenues to, and the railages over " the fame, more commodious; and for removing and " preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, " Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said new Stone " Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County M of Durhamand for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and refortingto the said Town* without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iotituled. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lozuet Heyford, otherwise Htyford-at- Bridge, and Ca/cott, in the Parish of Lozver Heyford, otherwise Bridge, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Nczvca/ile upon Tyne, and for better regulating

the Port of NevccajUe; with some Amendments; to d-

which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill', intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, *the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Cajllecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilfand, in the County of Cum;with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manorof in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland } with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of, and in, the Real Estates deviled by the Will of Mary Pugh, Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trust, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and, by the like Directions, to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, if any, to arise from such Sales, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Oxford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the First Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the llefidue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of, and in, the Real Estates deviled by the Will of Mary , Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon Trust,

to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and by the like Directions to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, if any, to arise from such Sales, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein cx-prelied, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Annesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald, Esquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinn, situate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for railing, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pajr off Incumbrances, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Ciftlecarrock Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment*

Thirlwall Jn-dofuFt Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords I lave pa fled Puch's Elhte Bill.

Lord Orfor^'s Eitaic Bill.

Durham Schools Bill.

Push's Efbte Bill, read.

Little Abing» ton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Fitzgerald'* Estate Bill, committed.

Great Chester-ford Inclosure Bill, passed.

little Chester-ford Inclosure Bill, passed.

Braun fton Inclosure Bill, passed*

Ripple )n-closure Bill, reported*

10* Jttnii.

533

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickie son, Mr. Fitzgerald, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'* Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Che in the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ahd that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Ch, in the County of Essex,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunjion, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 23. After the Second " Lands," to insert " or Lands belonging to Clergymen,

" being purchased by Queen Anne's " Bounty."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunjion, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vo l. 56.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Marquis of Worxefter reported from the Com- Cheltenham mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- B,1,>

closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,. and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tythingor Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative ter Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with \ and that the Committee had exa<-mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giveh their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of 34 Acres x Rood and 16 Perches of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of 151 Acres 1 Rood and 28 Perches, who were neuter; and also the Owners of 18 Acres 1 Rood and 21 Perches who had been applied to, but had returned no Answers; and that the Whole Property to be inclosed consists of 1,1x4 Acres 3 Roods and 37 Perches of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hid directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and aiter shrewitmi? and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from The Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town-of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that tire Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from The IVrifli Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of , in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrewsbury, to Welsh Pool, at or near the Tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to Bultington Hall, in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Durham for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of ol<Blil> Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Mr. Morton whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill, Ported, Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton and passed. Pitt, Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

6 U to

A. i8ox,

Huftoh Parva Inclosure Bill, reported;

langtofl In* dofure Bill, reported.

Report on

Fofs Nav Ration and Drainage Bill, further con-lidtrcd.

io° Jun 'u.

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to > whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Rufton Parva, otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.'

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trite; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owner of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax at 4-f. per Annum, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £.5. 14.J. 6 who were neuter; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at 8r. who could not be met with; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.263. for. 10 per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made. That the Report, which upon the 2d Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 33d Ycy of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Communication from the " Junction of the River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or " near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish " of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of

" York, and for draining and improving certain Low " Lands, lying on each Side of the said River ,* so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into fur* ther Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Courtenay, from tlfe Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the cth January 1789, and the 5th January 1801: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports or the British Empire, on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800; distinguish-ing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, betweenfthe 5th of January 1789, and the 5th of January 1801; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies,

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Newbolt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Accounts of

Vessels, pre. iented.

Appendix

(No. 40.)

Committee on County

Bridge Bilk

4i Geo. III.

_ O (V

io Junti.

535

Mr. Newbolt reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Newbolt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report from further Consideration the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee of the whole House, to -

Reported. Mr. Newbolt accordingly reported from the said Com- whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply

ther considered.

Insolvent Debtors Bill, deferred.

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Report referred.

Fine* and Forfeitures Bill, passed.

granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordirigly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third irish Member* Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for declaring what B111> Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also, for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding

Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of

Committee on Mr. Kemeys' Bill.

Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now shall be incapable of being Members of the House of, read. Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 33. After "Secretary" to insert "and

" except the First Commissioner of " the Customs."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners " of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum " shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage

made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in be. An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled Trust, for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged also, for carrying into Effedt Part of the Fourth Article Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; by providing

" the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and his Two Sifters, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart took the Chair of the Com- jesty, be now read mittee. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor

in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

and

Papers referred.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, Company of Merchants of England trading into the Com'

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee. pany.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the Petition of British Museum, be referred to the said Committee. British'Mu-Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Ex- feum. chequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed Account of in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Exchequer

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of /T' ' " Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by

" Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Eight hundred," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Ex-

grossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures im-

D\

posed by Justices out of Session in England, be now chequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed read. in the 39 th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of " Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures mposed by Justices out of Session in,

Vol. 56.

D*.

Moner issued, pursuant to AddrelTcs*

Monies advanced for Public Services*

Estimate of Sierra Leone.

Committee on Bill to continue Irish -A 6b for 8up-pression of AebeliioA.

Proceedings relative to Standing Orders ie-lpecting In-dolure Kills#

53 6 10° Jun . 1801.

in the 39,th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the further Sum " of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the further Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, pursuant to Addresses, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the further Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone, for 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they '

had come to several llefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and further M continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June " One thousand Eight hundred and One, Two Acts, " passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called " Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that " Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and " Property of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker jest the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to lit till after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Standing Order of the Lords, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving, of Lands, this Day communicated by their Lordlliips, be reierred to the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills of Inclosure.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee of the Lords, appointed to consider of the same Subject.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House have referred the Standing Order, communicated by their Lordships, to the Com-2

mittee appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure, and have given Power to the said -Committee to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee of the Lords, appointed to consider of the same Subject.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Mef-sage.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify all l'ersons who have printed, published, ordifperfed,orwho shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Persons to be appointed Commissioners, Surveyors, and Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration this Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the IVfI Indies and America-, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do make tile Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Wands ot Jamaica and and at Halifax,

in America, lor the Time being. Contingent Annuities, to take Place on Resignation, under certain Regulations.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittarlaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the llefolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant out of the C011-folidated Fund, under certain Conditions, unto any Person who shall have held the Office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court at the Wands of Jamaica or Martinico,or at Halifax,in America, an Annuity, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds; such Annuity to be granted after the Ilcfignation of such respective Office.

The said llefolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving % more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners

Printers In-

demniry

preiemtd.

Further Consideration of Report respecting Coo-mi fliontr$,&c. in Inclosure Bills, deferral.

West Indiei* &c. Prize Courts Bill* deterred.

Ways and Means defer* red.

Report on

Contingent Annuities to Judges of Vict Admiralty Courts.

Instruction.

4i Geo. III. 10° — iT Junii.

537

missioners of Appeals, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, purl'uant to the said llefolution.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein dei'eribed, as may have on:y an occasional Residence in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament.

Irish Stamp Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned, was committed, be received this Day.

Bill for Ex- Ordered, That the Bill to permit the Exportation of portafion of Tea to Ireland^without Payment of any Duty, under land deferred, certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time this Day.

Additional Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of stamp Duties the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Bill,deferred. Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Malta Trade Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Bdl,deferred, itself into a Committee of the whole lioule, upon the Bill for empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the island of Malta, and to declare that the same shall be considered as Part of Europe.

Report on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

BntL^defer- the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider red. of charging an additional Duty on Bricks made in

Britain above a certain Size, be received this Day. RepoitonEx- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

-P;-- the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of from'Auction exempting Corn, Grain, Rice, and other Provisions im-Duty, defer- ported into Great Britain, from the Auction Duty, on ItJ' the First Sale thereof, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Irish Members Exemption Bill, deferred.

Irish Elections, &c.

Bdl, deferred.

Jovis, ii° die Junii;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Sutton Court- If R. Charles Dundasreported from the Committee, ney inclosure to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying

i , repor. % . jn jjevcra][yj anJ inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable hands, and Wufte Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton in the same Parish, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-Yo l. 56.

cerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.41. 6r. 7 who refilled to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates atlelfed at £.32. 191. who were neuter;

and also,theProprietors of Estates assessed at £.44. 3-t-who had been applied to, but had returned no Answers; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons inte-relted in the Inclosure is alfell'ed to the Land l ax at £.354. 41. 4 d.\and that no Perl'on appeared before the Committee to oppose t'ne Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the River " Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Beck Mouth to " the Clough, on the East Corner of and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough " into or near the Town of Driffield, in the East " Riding of the County of York? and to extend and improve the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mor-ritt, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of and for-purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of IVirchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Gamon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire '.heir Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in in the County

oi Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to ShaffordHouse, in the County of Hertford, was

read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for taking down and re-building the Market House in Dunflable.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Wav of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5.1.30. To leave out from " Church" to " And," in 1. 34.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of

6 the

Hull River Navigation Bill, committed.

Winchester Gaol, See. Bill, passed.

Dunflable Roads Bill, palYed-

ii° JuniL A. 18

the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to Shafford in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their-Concurrence.

Stockbridge An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and urdRaX enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year' Bill, passed of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in' the County of Southampton, to the City of,

and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephens Catlle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester,through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Townr and County of the Town of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 10. After "of" to insert " the said re-' " cited Acts, or of either of them,

"or of."

1. 24. After " of" to insert " the said recited Acts, or of either of them,

" or of."

1. 27. After " of " to irifert the said recited Acts, or of."

L 35- To leave out " hereby '* and insert " by the said Act of the 31st " Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty," instead thereof.

Pr, 13. 1. 3. After " Oath" to insert " which the " said Justice is hereby empowered " to administer,"

Pr. 16. 1. 24. After " Stones" to insert " erected,

" or hereafter to be."

Pr. 19. h 4. To leave out " hereby" and insert " the said Act of the said 31st " Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty," instead thereof,

1. 31. To leave out " this" and insert " the " said," instead thereof.

1. 32. After " Adt" to insert " of the 31st " Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty."

Pr. 25. 1. 6. To leave out " this Act" and insert " by the said recited Act of the "31st Year of the Reign of his " said late Majesty," instead thereof.

Pr, 29. 1. 10. After " Roads" to insert " to or " from the said Town of South-

" am." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of,

and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Amendment The House proceeded to take into Consideration the locUnciorJm Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

BiUiagrtedto, ft

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Castlecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony

of Gilfland,in the County of Cumberland.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 68. 1. 32. Leaveoiit from " Money" to " by," in Press 69. Line 1. and insert "for " paying and defraying the respective Shares and Proportions of the " Money to be charged on the tl several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds (if any such shall be charged) to supply " any Deficiency which there may " be in the Money raised by Sale of Land as aforesaid, and also the

" Charges and Expences of Ringfencing the Allotment or Allot-l{ments to be made to such Owners and Proprietors, but."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-Ihips.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord* Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ^^hiriwaU An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, inclosumBiJV Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of agreed to.

7‘hirlwall, in the Parish of Halt w hi file, in the County of Northumberland.

And the said Amendment was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 71, 1. 37. Leave out from " Money" to " by," in Press 72. Line 5. and insert " for " paying and defraying the respective Shares and Proportions of " the Money to be charged on the " several Persons interested in the " said Lands and Grounds (if any " such shall be charged) to supply any Deficiency which there " may be in the Money raised by " Sale of Land as aforesaid, and also " the Charges and Expences of " Ring-fencing the Allotment or " Allotments to be made to such " Owners and Proprietors, but."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-

ftlipS;

The House was moved, That the Report which wras Hifton an-i Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and re-committed! Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Hifon Saint Andrew, and Histon Saint Ethe/dred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Consent of the several Persons interested, as Hated in the Report.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An

4i Geo. lit

Borfleyand An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Roads^B^, enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 20th Year failed. of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from

Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to at or near Dud-

bridge, in the Parish of and from the Bridge

at Nailsworth,in the Parish of to Minchinhamp-

ton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned* all in the county of ; and for altering some

Parts of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from in the Parish of

Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in tb«-Parish of Avening, to M , and ieveial

other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester; and for altering some Parts of the said Roads.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dartford Ordered, That Mr. Jeffery do make the Report

reported.11* from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing tl^ Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in the ift and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed for putting in Execution Two several Acts, passed respectively in the ift and 22d Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was referred.

Mr. Jeffery accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had heard Counsel in Sup-. port of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Orford'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bftate Bill, for yelling certain Estates, in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the First Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords

Amendments to Newcastle upon Tyne ?ort BiJl, agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,_ An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of you: 56.,

the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better -regulating the Port of Newcastle.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 38. After " Liberties", inlert " Dues;" and in the same Line, and Line 39, after " Services," insert " of or belonging to His Majesty, His " Heirs, dr Succefl'ors, or His or " their Lessees or Assignees of the " Manor of Holy Island, or from the " Rights, Privileges, Properties, c‘ Liberties, Dues, Duties, and Services, of or belonging to the Moll " noble Hugh Duke of Northumher land, as Lord of the Barony of " Alnwick, and of the several Manors of Tynemouth, Warkworth, k‘ and Alnemouth, in the said County " of Northumberland, or otherwise,

" or from the Rights, Properties,

K Liberties* Dues, Duties, and , kt Services."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Wrexham and ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 5?},thinJ^ad* 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the lU*pa Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, l'o far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; and for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Corwen to,

at or near a certain House called in the

Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; and for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Corwen to Llanrwjl, at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for fee ur-Reading of the Bill for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and matted. ' Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.'

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve

Bankers Notes BUi, passed.

Report respectini* Commissioners, &o in Inclosure Bills, refer ed to Committee on branding Orders#

Committee on InclelureCon-foiidation Bill.

sported.

Report, Sup-

F>*

i i ° Junii.

A. 1S01.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Online!, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Heading of the Bill (nowingrolled) for the better Prevention cf°be Forgery of the "Notes and Bills of Exchange of Peri'ons carrying oh the Business of Bankers, be now read.

And tliesaid Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 34. After " Persons," to insert " in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloul'e; and the Bill was amended at the l'able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills ot Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers*

Ordered, That Sir William Elford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order* of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee* who were appointed to consider of the Persons to be appointed Commissioners, Surveyors, and Valuers, in Bills of Inclosure arid Drainage, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for consolidating, in One Act, certain Provilrons usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the pading of fuchAfts, be new read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeit into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; wdiich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bond accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; a*d he read the Report in his ]riace, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole 1 louie, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-

rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Pla.ee; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take such Mea-furcs as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the Bri'ifl) Mvfeumto carry on the Execution of the

Trusts repoled in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Seven Hundred and One Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty to make good‘the like Sum, which has been iliued, by His Majesty's Directions, to the Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in afiiiting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and dit'charging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five " Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight " hundred," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and d.lcharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three " Millions by Loans or Exchequer Hills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions, be granted to His Majesty, for paying oft' and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 391I1 and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the further " Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight liundred," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 'Fen Thousand Eight Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred Twenty-seven Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for additional A1 owances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Pcb'ic Accounts.

Resolved,

Vote of Cre. die.

National

Debt.

British

Muleura.

Chairman of Committees of the House of Lords.

T urkey Company.

lit

n«

An

Exchequer Bills.

DK

D+:

Money i filled pnrTuant to Addresses.

Clerks in the Oflice of Public Accounts.

1

Marshalsea

Prison.

feoard of Agriculture.

Sierra Leone.

Extraorefina-nes of the Army.

D°. in Ireland.

Anfvrer to Addreis*

Account of

Duty on Wrought Marble, ordered.

41 CjF.o. ni.

541

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Twenty-eight Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued to Joseph White, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to complete the Purchase of several old Houses, necessary for carrying on the Works,at the new

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Arthur Young, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Agriculture, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Premiums to be paid for Essays on breaking up of Grass Lands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding FourThoufand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leone, for One Year, to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain, for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the Year 1801.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House doth agree with the^Committee in the said Resolution j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas,ftJr' W"< > 80.

<Mr J

Tellers for the Noes^Jp‘ J'f "f ' {19.

(Mr. :,) y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time,were, upon the Question lcverally put thereupon, agreed to by the house.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chan-

cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Lord George Thynne, Mr Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. NicholasVanjiltart, and Mr. Hi'ey A dd-ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Charles Henry Somerset reported to the House, That their Address of Tuefdlaft (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Surveys and Estimates for the making of Roads of Communication between t he Eastern and Western Co ifts of Scotland, through the Shires of InvernRefs, , and

Caithness, as have been prepared in consequence of the Address of this House upon the 2d Day of July 17S9) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Custom Duty on Statues, Wrought Marble and Sculptured Stones, Yales, and Stone or Marble Ornaments, imported into Great Britain in the last Three Years; difeinguishing each Year.

Yol. 56.

The Hoiile being informed that Mf. Irving, from the prefea,ted, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the.Custom Duty on Statues* Wrought Marble, and Sculptured Stones, Vases, and Stone or Marble Ornaments, imported into G in the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account Wats read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Add-on'* Di-upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edinard Addison,her now Husband, on account of his

incelluous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Mr. Speaker informed the House, That he had received a Letter from Mr. Henry Smith, who had been stated to be the Solicitor of the said Edward Addison, in the Proceedings of this House; relative to the said Bill, on Tuesday last.

And the said Letter was read at the Table.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Votes of the House of Tuesday last, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of George ;Solicitor

and Agent of the said Jane Campbell, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mark Wood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mark Wood reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge,according to Order, reported from the Billto conti-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for "orsupprei^* further continuing, fora Time to be limited, an Act, fion of Rebel -passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, lion, reported. " An Act for amending, and further continuing, until the " Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One, Two Acts passed in that Part of the " United Kingdom called Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth " and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still " exilts within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of " the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithful " Subjects within the same," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, ip at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tirffe Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then' ingrossed.

Mr. Jeffery reported from the Committee, to whom Person from the Petition of the Persons thereunder-signed, in Behalf

6 Y of

fminHlnnd Fiftfry, reported.

11° Junii.

of themselves and others, refilling in the Town and County o f Poole, and carrying on the British Fisheryin

the I (land of Newfoundland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That the British Fishery, carried on in the Island of Newfoundland, has ever been considered to be highly advantageous to the Nation, as well as beneficial to the Individuals immediately concerned in the Prosecution of it; and has therefore been deemed worthy the Attention of the Legifla-ture, which has from Time to Time, by Acts of Encouragement and Protection, given it that Support which Circumstances required, and without which no Concern depending upon adventitious Occurrences, could at certain Times exist: That the said Fishery is at the present Period, an Object peculiarly worthy of the National Concern, inasmuch as it affords a valuable Nursery for Seamen, as, with proper Encouragement, it might become a Source of Individual, and consequently National Wealth, and as a certain Resource to which the Nation might always look for a never-failing Supply of wholesome and nutritive Food in every Cale of Emergency: That the said Fishery is at this Time in a State of extreme Deprefiion, occasioned principally by the peculiar Circumstances of the Times, in consequence of which, the Price of the various Articles of Provisions and Stores, ne-celfary for the Prosecution of the said Fishery, arc enhanced in an exorbitant Degree, while at the same Time, those Markets which have hitherto remained open for the Sale of the Produce, have been proportionably deprelfed; and by far the greatest Part of those Markets, to which the Petitioners have usually resorted, have for several Years been Ihut against them: That the Petitioners, since their Exclusion from the Ports of Spain and , have been accustomed to fend the Produce of the said Fishery to the Ports of Portugal, where the Markets being overstocked, they have experienced such heavy Sales as have occasioned great Loss: That the Petitioners now view with Concern the Profpelt of the Markets of Portugal being also Ihut against them, when they shall have no other Resource than the West India Hlands, and the United States of America, whole joint Consumption bearing no Proportion to the Produce of the Fishery, they mull consequently be burthened with a large undif-pofabie Property; and even should their Fears with regard to Portugal,prove unfounded, still the Petitioners,

risking large Properties with very Header Profpclls of any suitable Returns, shall need the supporting Aid of the Legislature, and without it, will in all Probability be eventually compelled to abandon the Trade: That the Petitioners have good Reason to believe, from the Experience of the last Winter, in the Course of which a considerable Quantity of Dry Cod Fish was consumed by the lower and middling Claflfesof the Community in the Western Parts of the Kingdom, that this Country ' would take off Annually a considerable Quantity of that Article, provided it could be rendered at reasonable Prices; the Petitioners would therefore humbly submit to the House the Propriety, in a National point of View, of granting such Encouragement, by Way of Bounty, as by insuring to the Petitioners a Price adequate to the Charges of taking, curing, and importing, the fame, and in some Measure equal to what they have beeu in the Habits of obtaining in Foreign Markets, would enable them to order a Part of the Produce of the said Fishery to be brought to this Country; and the Petitioners consider this as a Measure likely to be eminently beneficial to the Nation, as well as to the Trade in which they are concerned, and entertain no Doubt but the Consump-

A. i % o

t<

tion of the United Kingdoms would, in the Course of a few Years, be equal to One-fourth Part of the Fish caught in Newfoundland; and in this Event, the introducing into general Use a wholesome nutritious Article of Food, of which a Supply to almost any Extent may be secured to the Community, may naturally be expelled to have the happiest Influence in reducing and keeping down the Price of Frefh Provisions in future.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingroifed) for indemnifying such Persons, as since the ift Day of February 1793, have ailed in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspelled of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices;

A Petition of John Barnes: And also,

A Petition of James Toting: And also,

A Petition of Thomas Humphreys: And also,

A Petition of John Maxwell: And also,

A Petition of William Edwards: And also,

A Petition of Alexander Rogers, Cabinet Maker: And also,

A Petition of John Oxhide: And also,

A Petition of George Elfivorth, Printer: And also,

A Petition of Charles Clay: And also,

A Petition of Robert Flinn: And also,

A Petition of John Barnard, Junior: And alfoj A Petition of John Hafelden, Paper-hanger: And also,

A Petition of Richard Seeker;

Were severally presented to the Floufe, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Complaining of the imprisonment of the Petitioners, under the Provisions of the several Alls, for empowering His Majesty to lecure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall fulpelt are conspiring against His Person and Government: And Praying the House to take their several Cafes into Confidc-ration; and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Monday Morn-

Order read fat Third Reading of Habeal CorpusSuf-

pension Indemnity Bill*

Petition a

" ing next/

now.

And the Question being put. That the Word stand Fart of the Question;

It was relolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L 8. To leave out from cc be," to the End of the Clause, and insert 14 flayed and " suspended until the Termination of " the present War," instead thereof. And the Question being put. That the Words pro* posed to be left out, stand Fart of the Bill j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Merc for the Yeas, {£* Ha^tbury, j

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then

s'7'

41 Geo. lit.

11° y

*i;'l

ll

Hi I

Arconnt of Surplus of Consolidated FuaU,ordered.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill do pass: The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

543

Tellers for the Ycas,ftJr' SpJtdtraf General, '(Mr, Bond:

Tellers for the Noes.jjfc

} 84.

} '5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying such Persons, as since the First Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great , of

Persons suspected of High Treason, or Treasonable Praftipes.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed. Printers in-published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or dif- derani?y Bil[» perse any Papers, printed under the Authority of any comm*ted* Head Officer of Slate, or of Publ ic Boards, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr- Kemeys' Bill, passed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to weft indie* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, .&c. Prize upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Ma- £e°f"£^11 *

_ _ , . jesty's Prize Courts in the Wesi Indies and America, and

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the ihtrd forgiving a more speedy and effectual Execution to

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the

the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals;

Resolved, That this Houte will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House iri&Elec-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, g^s'd(^ecr,r#d(

« Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John n the jjh for regulating the Trial of Controverted

7 _ . T 1 M _ _ . _ - I Mb i X X A M A I M A* - - . m 1 T T . 1

Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust', for the late " Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear " to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to rel'ort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby " to His Majesty," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called I;and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Info stamp

be. An Act to explain and amend, an Act passed in the -Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

f His present Majesty, jgj|] for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be

Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of " His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfac-« tion of the Debt clue on the Mortgage made by the " late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust, for the " late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall " appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, " in order to recover the Balance due from the said

Richard Rigby to His Majesty."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Estimated Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, including the Arrears outstanding, to the 5th of April 1 So 1.

Tea to Ireland, corn-nutted.

JlillTor settling Difpuies between Masters and Servants, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Con/; do rat ion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better settling of Di/putcs between Masters and Workmen, and also between Masters and Mistresses of Families and menial and domestic Servants;

And the House having continued to fit till after Two of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration this Day.

__________ granting „

limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds,

Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances tiierein mentioned, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received this Day.

A Bill to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, Bill for Ex-without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restric- portation of tions, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Houte will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Malta Trade itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, deferred. Bill for empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the Island of Alalia; and to declare, that the same shall be considered as Part of Europe,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Reporton the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Duty on of charging an additional Duty on Bricks made in de* Great Britain, above a certain Size, be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ReportonEx-the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider «mption of of exempting Corn, Grain, Rice, and other Provisions

J5;I1 for "Rrco-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House imported into Great Britain, from the Auction Duty Duty, de- du7toHi^btS to^blve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on the First Sale thereof, be received this Day. ferrcd*

Mijeify, dt- upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Reco

feaed.

very of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom- of Circat Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same;

Resolved, That this House, will, this Day, refojve ' itself into the said Committee.

VOL. 56.

And then the House adjourned till this Moraine, Eleven of the Clock.

Fentrist

Scarborough Harbour iJillj passed.

Quainton Tn closure Bill, rcporttd.

P-htion of Mr. Wood, strain it.

544

A. i § <3 i s

Veneris, 12° die Junii;

Anno 410 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1801;

Prayers.

inent of the Names of the Persons interested in the Lands and Commons to be inclosed; and also, a State* ment of the Sums at which the said several Persons were afiefled to the Land Tax, for the Property possessed by them throughout the whole Parish; but the said Agent adduced before the said Committee no Evidence to distinguish what Proportion of such Af-

AN ingroited Bill for further continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Four Act, made in the 5th and 25th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing the Duties, and altering the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Phipps db carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Qnainlon, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; and to whom . the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Qiiainton, in the County of Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates affelied to the Land Tax at ,£.39. I2.f. 6d.p per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates af-lested at ^.3. ioj. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, are assessed to the Land Tax at £.246. Sr. 6 d.per Annum-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diretfted him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Petition of Richard JVon Behalf of himself, and the other Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Panfn of in the County of Buckingham, who were Parties to the Petition before presented to the House against the Bill now depending, lor dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish of Quain'cn, the Petitioner being the only one of the former Petitioners who is now in London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Bill proposes to inclose only a Part of the said Parish of confiding

of Three Open Arable Fields, and about 280 Acres of Commonable Lind, lying dispersedly in, or adjoining to, the said Open Fields, the rest of tile laid Parish being Old inclosed Lands; and that, on the Proceeding before the Committee of the House, to whom the said Bill was committed, and the former Petition of the Petitioner, and the other Opposers of the said Bill, was referred, the Agent, on the Part of the said Bill presented to the said Committee, a State-

fefiments applied to the Land now to be inclosed, and what Part of it applied to the Old inclosed Lands; and that it appears by such Statement, that the Number of Persons interested in the Lands proposed to be inclosed, and not being Cottagers, is Thirty-four, and it is admitted thereby, that Eight of such Peri'ons only afi'ent to the said Bill, and Twenty-two dissent from it, and that the remaining Four are neutral; but that, if the Proportion of Property is to be computed according to the Land Tax Assessment for the the tvhole Parish, there would appear fof the - Bill /..203. 55. 11 id.per Annum, and Against it only jf.39. 125 6d. per Annum; and that the Counsel who attended on the Part of the Petitioner, and the other Opposers of the said Bill, thereupon Hated to the said Committee, that the Proprietors of the Old inclosed Lands in the said Parish had, in rcl'pect of such Lands, no Rights or Interests whatsoever in the Commonable Lands or Commons proposed to be inclosed by the said Bill; and that in estimating the Property of the Persons contenting to, and dilienting from, the said Bill, no Regard could be had to Property not interested in the Inclosure; and the said Counsel proposed to cail Witnesses to prove, not only that the Proprietors of Old inclosed Lands had, in re 1 peed of such Lands, never exercii'ed any Rights upon the Commonable Lands or Commons proposed to be inclosed, but had never even claimed such Rights, and also to prove, that the Quantity of Land in the Open Fields to be inclosed, in respect of which only a Right of Common could be claimed, amounted to Forty-two Yard-Lands and One Quarter, or thereabouts, and that of such Land, Twenty-one Y'ard-Lands and Three Quarters belonged to those who consented to the Bill, Nineteen Yard-Lands and about one Half belonged to those who dillented from the Bill, and about One Yard-Land to those who were neutral; and also to prove, that the Annual Value of the said Lands proposed to be inclosed amounted to £.813. 10s. or thereabouts, of which ^.406. 105. or thereabouts, belonged to those who contented to the Bill, £.370. or thereabouts, to those who dillented from it, and ,£.37. to those who were neutral; and that the Agent for the Bill then, for the firftTime, claimed a Right in the Commons to be inclosed in rel'pect of the Old inclosed Lands, although they did not pretend that l'uch Right had ever been enjoyed, nor tendered any Witness to prove that it had ever been claimed; and they also infilled, that the Owners of the Old inclosed Lands were to be considered as interested, because, by a Clause in the intended Bill, it was proposed that the Rector's Tythes lliould, with respect to the Old in-doled Land, as well as to the new Inclosure, be commuted for an Allotment of Land; and that the said Committee thereupon refused to receive the Evidence lb tendered on the Part of the Petitioner, and the other Opposers of the Bill, to correct the aforesaid Statement of Property presented by the Agent for the Bill; and that the Petitioner humbly apprehends that no Claim of Right ought to be regarded, which cannot be supported by any Evidence of Enjoyment; 'and that the Clause with relpebl to Tythes, being merely collateral to the Inclosure, gives no interest, in the Question of Inclosure, to the Proprietors of the Old inclosed Lands; and the Petitioner lubmits, that the present Bill, being an Attempt to force an indo-sure of Lands where the Property is nearly equally divided between those who conlent to, and those who dillent from, the Bill, and where the Numbers are

as

BUI rt-committed*

Stony Strat-for.i Paving Bill, reported, rnui re-committed.

Stixton In-future Bill, passed.

41 Geo. lit. 12"

as Three to One egainfl the Bill, it would be contrary to the Usage of Parliament, and to the Rea (on and Justice of the Cafe, it such Bill were permitted 'to pats into a Laws and that no Evidence whatsoever was laid before the said Committee, to satisfy them as to the Expediency of the said Inclosure, except the single Assertion of a Surveyor, whom the Petitioner's Counsel had no Opportunity to cross-examine; and the said Counsel offered toprovc that the said Inclosure would, as the Truth is, be highly injurious to all the Proprietors, and almclt ruinous to the smaller Proprietors of the said Lands: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the State of Property of the Parties interested in the said Inclosure may be again examined; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against the laid Bill, or may have such other Belief in the Pre-miles, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed, so far as relates to the State of Property set forth in the said Report.

v Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Sir IVII'iamDolben reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford,

in the County of Buckingham; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Ann'oyances therein; and also, for repairing the Rampart Road or causeway from the said Town, to the Bridge over the River Oise, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates, situate in the said Town of Stony ford, and in the Parillies of and,

in the said County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said Improvements, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wiiere the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are neccifary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing,allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arabic Fields, Failures, Cars, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Township of , in the

Parish of IVillerby,in the Eail Riding of the County of

Fork; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Tmvnship, and also, ot Lands within the Townfhlps of Biuuiugto;: and IVillerby,in the Parish of IVillerby aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

VOL. 56.

Pr. 74. I. 8. To leave out from " Inclosure " to " And " in 1. 10.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Failures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of in the

Parish of IVillerby, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also, of Lands within the Townships ot Binningtonand IVillerby, in the Parish oafore-

laid.

Ordered, That Mr. Merritt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing:, "allotting, and inclosing, Homfea In- the Open Arable Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Common cl'^j£ Bl11* and Waste Lands, within the Township of in

the Parish of Homfea,in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same > Township, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 105. ,1. 10. To leave out from " recovered " to " And " in Pr. 106. 1. 16.

And the Tiid Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Homfea, in the Parish of Homfea, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. Morritt do carry the Bill to the'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition rela-thereunto subscribed, being Subscribers towards the to Expence of making and maintaining a Road from the BolmRoadj Lamb Inn,otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in the Bill.

Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton the Floors, to, or near to, BrindleLane End, otherwise Fade Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leyland,all in the County Palatine of or Per--

fons nominated Trustees for the Execution of the said intended Act, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by the Direction of a considerable Number of Persons residing or having Property in, the Neighbourhood of the said Road., the usual Steps were taken preparatory to an Application to Parliament for an Act to amend the said Road, and a Bill was drawn by an Agent in the Country, which was, at a Meeting, submitted to the Consideration of the Promoters of the Plan, and to the Persons who had subscribed divers large Sums of Money to be applied in the Amendment and Repair of the said Road, under the Authority of the proposed Act; and that the Bill so drawn was by them approved, and presented to the House, where it is now depending; and that one of the principal Objects of the said Bill is to open a Communication by which the adjoining Country may be supplied with Lime for general Uses, and more especially for the Purposes of Agriculture; and, as it was well known that the Road could not be maintained, or the Interest of the Money so to be advanced be paid, without a Toll on Lime generally, that Article was excepted in the Clause giving the other Exemptions usually inserted in Turnpike Acts; and that the Petitioners are informed that the

6 Z House

A. i8ot.

546 12"

House, having been pleased to refer the said Bill to a Committee, the Words by which Lime was, as above-mentioned, excepted from the general Exemption from Toll granted by the said Bill in Favour of Manure of every other Kind, were in that Committee, left out; and that the above Alteration fomadc in the said Bill is, as the Petitioners apprehend, contrary to the Wilhes and Intention of the several Persons who joined in the said Subscription, or concurred in the Application to Parliament for the said Bill, and the said Alteration was, as the Petitioners are informed, made merely by Mistake; and that, if Lime passing along the fair! lload were to be exempted from the Payment of Toll, as now directed by the said Bill, the Income of the Trust would be lo dimi-fiished, that the Road could not be kept in luilicient Repair for the general Accommodation and Benefit of the Neighbourhood and the Public, nor even for the Passage of Carriages laden with Lime, and the principal Object of the said Bill would therefore be defeated; and that the Security on which the Subscribers proposed to advance the Money requisite for carrying the intended Ad into Execution, would be most materially dimini (hed by the above Exemption in Favour of Lime: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for subjecting Lime to be ul'ed for Manure to the Payment of Toll on the said Road, as was originally intended, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire,

Mr. Stanley* &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, ind Records.

Nottingham An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers,ofTwo Acts, passed in the 27th Year of ' the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to ‘The Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to 7he Bowling Green at Kettering, in the county of;

and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wills ford An ingrossed Bill for dividing, and allotting in Seve-

dorun-'BUI*1* ralty> Bte Open and Common Fields and Downs, Com-paJTed. ' mon Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of otherwise Wil/sford

Daur.t fey, otherwise WilDauntfey, in the County of Wilts,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of Wilsford,otherwise Willsford Dauntfey, otherwise Willesford Dauntfey, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concucrence.

i.ord richer. Mr. Newbolt reported from the Committee, to whom x Biii* reported, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

▲nd paired.

Jun.ii.

for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Right ho* nourabl c Henry Thomas Earl of Ihhester, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, in Trullees, to be sold, and for settling other Kilates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of Dorset, in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to b£ true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Newbolt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the lJmchworth Open Arabic Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and ^)^Use^l>l Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arabic Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. fodre/l reported from the Committee, to whom Westonontf* the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate in the Turnpike Road at or , near the South End of the Town of on the >'

' in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. El Iifou reported from the Committee, to whofn Conlbbfev the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edward Constable, Esquire, of Burton , '

in Holderness,in the County of 2 ork. Tenant for Life,

under the Will of his late Uncle William,

Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York,or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned; and also, for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Content of the said Edward Constable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money, for the protecting, improving, and increasing, the same Estates, by the Means therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellifondo carry the Bill to the Lord.,

41 Geo. III.

o cy

12 Junn.

547

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Xand°Oiroe Petition of the several Persons, whose. Names are againitEi^eW thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common upon Indoi'ure bui. the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotments, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of,

in the County of M, was presented to the

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Lands and Grounds above-rpentioned; and Setting forth. That, both in its Principle and Clauses, and in various other Matters, it is materially prejudicial to the Interest of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, or Witnesses, against the said Bill, and the Clauses thereof; and that the House will grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, or Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Pfewb'ollreported from the Committee, That they

had considered the Petition of Jefiy Campbell, the Wife' of James Campbell, of Calcutta,in the Province of Bengal,

in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, referred to their

Considerationf; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when thfe House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Mark Wood, according to Order, reported from Addison'* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in- Divorce Bill, grolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to I^Anw'nd-difi'olve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Eduard »ent,

Addison, her now Husband, on Account of his inccltuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 15. Leave out from " Validity0 to " And " in 1. 21.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Saint HjJcU An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Salts Sill *° Cfia^>^e the Curate of the Chapelry of Saint in

committed^ the Parish of Jarrow, in the County of Durham, to

grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground, lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry, was read a Second Time.

Ref'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don. Sir Robert Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Paddington Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and goftad. *re* keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Committee on ' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House DivorceBUi *° ref°^ve itfelf" into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with JeJJy Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Newbolt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vo L. 56.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Persons who have been apprehended since the 13th of April 1801, under Charges of High ion, ordered. Treason, and Treasonable P rad ices; distinguishing such as have been confined, under similar Charges, at any Time previous to the 13 th of April, with the Dates of the Warrants of their respective Commitments; and also, distinguishing such as are now in Custocly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. JVilmot and Mr. The Lord* Popham: have agreed tv

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, ifttituled, An Act Sugar for reviving, continuing, until the Twentieth Day of **

May One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amending, an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing " Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving lb " much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Yeat " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and reguJating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation " thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar " exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand " Eight hundred and One without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Portugal to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused, Wme *' without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lady Aber-for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Aanuuy'Bin* Abercromby, Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby; without any Amendment 1 And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill t»«plwn to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Hid^Jd and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Skins Act. intituled, "An Act to repeal lb much of an Act, passed

" ia

548 i Junii. i3oi*

" in the Second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horl'e Hides in making Boots and " Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of " Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof ^' without any Amendment: And also,

FortGhfgow The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harbour Bill. for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

Jtve Harbour The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye,in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

Tetbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

X? j 11*11 o

oa s 1 ‘ for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Pet bury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's M in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide,to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in tlifi County of Gloticejier; and for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road from Tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid to Fojlons Ash, in the Parish of Bijley, in the said County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

Roads' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 ' for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also.

NorthWooton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drauug* Bill. for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North H 'colon, Pi/ton, IVpi Pen-nard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glaston Saint John, Glajion Saint Benedict, IVt'll ton, Ashcot, Shapwick, Moorlinch, Catcott, Chilton, Ediugton, CoJJington, Woolavington, Huntspill, Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Baddifham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puritan, Pawlet, Wookey, and the Out-Parish of SaintCuthberl in Wells, all in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

Chariton Tn- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act clciurc Bill. for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wiltswithout

any Amendment: And also,

Little Coxweil The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Jndolure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little Coxwin the Pari 111 of Great -ringden,in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

L.inctoft and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act B;iiion 1 nclo- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open iur« Bill. Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the several Parishes of Langtoft and ,in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, writ Deeping The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and TiiHiogeon for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Com-Imloiuic Bill. mon fields. Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within, and be-. longing to, the several Parishes of Deeping and Tal-

lington, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Afliby Inclo* for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, fure£lJli and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, '

Moors* Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ash by, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, ' ''

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ticklerton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons Ilulo,urc and Waste Lands* in the Township of Ticklerton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop-, without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act NV:divood for dividing, allotting* and inclosing, the Forest or Chase of Needivood, in the County of Stafford; with Amendmcnu. some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lords naturalizing Elizabeth IVinJka;to which, the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. Bill.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for avittrkind naturalizing Henry Anthony Wittekindand Nat-Bii'

Henry Werner; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to protect and relieve, under certain Pro- per?oiu,pavilions and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from vexatious teuted. Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-relidence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms: And the same was received; and read the First:

Time.

Refohcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tfm$ upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill.be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Act»

Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for further conti- for Suppression Suppression nuing, for a Time to be limited, An Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for pa e *

" amending, and further continuing, until the Twentyfourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred " and One, Two Acts, passed in that Part of the " United Kingdom called Ireland in the Thirty-ninth " and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Supprcftlon of the Rebellion which still " exilts within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of " the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithful " Subjects within the same," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time. s'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and further continuing,

" until the Twenty-fourth Day of Jane One thousand " Eight hundred and One, Two Acts, pasted in that " Part of the United Kingdom called , in the

" Thirly-nintl^and Fortieth Years outlie Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression Suppression of the Rebellion " which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the " Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same."

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Copper Trade to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, upon the Bill for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties- and Drawbacks on such Importation

549

tapers relating to the Trade between India and Europe, ordered.

Bast India Company's Revenue Ac*

counts, referred to a Committee.

considered.

House resolve* to adjourn to Monday.

41 Geo. III. 120 Junii.

tation and Exportation, and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Papers concerning the Trade between India and Europe, printed by Order of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and laid before the Court of Proprietors of India Stock, on the 28th of May last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Paragraphs lately transmitted by the Directors of the East India Company to the Commissioners for the A flairs of India, as intended to be sent out to the Governor and Council of Fort William, on the Subject of the Trade by British Subjects between India and Europe;

together with the Answer returned by the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of a General Court of Proprietors of India Stock, held on the 28th of Afrylift; together with the liefult of the Bailot on a Question then adopted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Memorial of certain Merchants and Agents in London, delivered to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, dated 8th June 1801, concerning the Trade between India and Europe.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Memorial from the Directors of the East India Company to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 7 th May 1797, on the Subjetft of regulating the Duties on East India Goods; together with Copies of the Papers thereunto annexed.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which were p. dented to the House upon the 8th Day of May Lit, and the 8th Day of this Instant by Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the Contideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several ltefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House. will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon A Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lee reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Lee accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Tueflay Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament, l'erving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional residence in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved ittelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunder-signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, residing in the Town and County of Poole, and carrying on the British Fishery in the island of Newfoundland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Coramittcesto " Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, llf- notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 1.n,h ?lec‘ . to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j . Upon £jie J3JU for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to lerve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland-, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of " conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the " Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence " against Felons;" and for allowing to High Constables in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeit into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

7 A Mr.

reported.

Committee on Irish Members Exemption Bill.

Committee oh

Report respecting the Newfoundland Fithcry.

Committee on

Conibbles Expences Bill.


12° Junii.

A. 1801.

Mr. Parker Coke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend* ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Report on Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into for settling further Consideration the Report from the Committee tweei^Masters of ^ie wh°'e House, to whom the Bill for the better and Servant*, settling of Disputes between Mailers and Workmen, £dercdC°n* and aho between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and menial and domellic Servants, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for ftcur- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ingh defer *° rc^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, redT' *Cr" upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Accommoda- A Motion being made, That this House will, upon jud*ei°Jn ire- Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee

lan<C to be of the whole House, to consider of providing Accom-coafidered. modations for the Judges in such Cities and Towns in Ireland, in which Assizes and Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations are not already sufficiently provided;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of providing Accommodations for the Judges in such Cities and Towns in Ireland, in which Assizes and Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations arc not already sufficiently provided.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of providing Accommodations for the Judges in such Cities and Towns in Ireland, in which Assizes and Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations are not already sufficiently provided.

Importation The House was moved, That an Act, made in this ot British present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Ireland)*to be " allowing, until the Twentieth Day of One

coniidcred. . " thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation " into Ireland of Britishand Foreign Hops, at a like " Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of continuing the said Act, so far as relates to the Duties payable on the Importation of British Hops into Ireland.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain " Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, " for granting Duties to His Majesty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider osso much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Abl'entees.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th Year of the Reign of Hispreient Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act for granting, for One Year, the several Duties " therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable " upon the Articles therein ipccified, during the said " Term; and for regulating the Trade between this " Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies; and for other " Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said firlt-mentioned Act, and of so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart,according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and . Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart prefer.!cd to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the Papers presented to the House of Commons on the 15th and 29th Days of July 1800.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued

and

Duties on Irish Absen-tees, to be considered.

Drawbacks ort Sugar exported from Ireland, to be considericd.

Jrrfh Stamp Duties Bill, reported#

Further Pro-

ceeclingn of the Treasury rdpe&inc; certain Offices, predated.

National Debt Bill prcittiUed*

Excise Regulation Bill, ordered.

Bill to amend Acts respecting Land Tax Redemption, deferred.

trtnlka* Nat. Bill, ttvi

Xr!£h Courts Bill, deferred*

Committee oit Duties on Spirit* made in Ireland, deferred.

Committee on certain Expiring Laws, deferred*

Ways and Mean*, deferred.

Additional Stamp Dutiet Bill, deferred.

41 Geo. IIL JuttH 551

and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise: And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Hiley

Addington, and Mr. Bragget do prepare* and bring in* the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted* and continued byfeveral Acts, to Bodies Corporate and' Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth IVinJka, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*, to consider of the Duties payable on Spirits made in, and imported from, Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe-, for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights-, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; for making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates Vox. 56.

of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was committed; '

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for Re-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to

upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Re- His Majesty, covery of Debts due to His Majesty; His Heirs, and deferred. Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to WestTndies, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *c-Pn?®.. upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's deferred.1 Prize Courts in the West Indies and America; and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committceou a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for gy1]® " empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the Island of Malta; and to declare, that the same shall be considered as Part of Europe.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Bricki!* referred to consider of charging an additional Duty on Bricks made in Great Britain, above a certain Size.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution Which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table *. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Thousand of Bricks made in Great Britain above Eight Inches and a Half long. Two Inches and a Half thick, or Four Inches wide.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instruflion. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was ®*^>p^ion of referred to consider of exempting Corn, Grain, Rice, from Auciion and other Provisions, imported into Great Britain, frQm Duty, the Auction Duty, on the First Sale thereof.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee* had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Corn, Grain, Rice, and other Provisions, imported

Instruction.

Petition relative to Sharpies arid Bolton Roads Bill,reported.

120 — 150 Junii.

A\ 1801.

ported into Great Britain, be exempted from the Auc- for the general Accommodation and Benefit of the tion Duty, on the First Sale thereof. Neighbourhood and the Public, nor even for the Passage

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, of Carriages laden with Lime, and the principal Object

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Inllruftion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 150 die Junii;

Anno 41°

Prayers.

Georgii

IU<U Regis, 1801.

M

of the said Bill would therefore be defeated: That the Security on which the Subscribers proposed to advance the Money requisite for carrying the intended Act into Execution, would be most materially diminished by the above Exemption in Favour of Lime. — And being further examined, he said. That he attended the Committee on the said Bill, as Agent; and that he apprehends and believes, the Committee, to whom it was referred, had no Intention of leaving out the Words by which Lime for Manure was subjected to the Payment of Toll, but that it was by an Oversight and Mif-take that the Amendment was made.

Then the Bill, presented to the House, was produced to Your Committee, by which it appeared, that Lime was therein expressly excepted in the Clause giving the usual Exemptions from Toll on Manure and other Things: — And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That he had attended the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, and that he was satisfied the Al-

R. reported from the Committee, to whom teration so made by the Committee, was not intended

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Subscribers towards the Expence of making and maintaining a Road from The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, to, or near to, Brind/e Lane End, otherwise Lane End, in the Township of in the Parish

of Ley land, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, or Persons nominated Trustees for the Execution of the said intended Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had

to be made by them, but was, as he apprehends and believes, a mere Mistake. — And he further said. That he was well informed, that it was not the Willi or Intention of the Persons promoting or applying for the Bill, that Lime to be used in Manure should be' exempted from Toll.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do make the Report from ^kP°£,',n4 the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, widen- Ra-lcUBiil, ing, and repairing, the Road form the Old Bridge, in reported, directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, the Town o in the County of through

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the several Townships of Stockport, and Mar pie,

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where in the said County, and the Village of New Mills, in the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz. the County of Derby, to or near Gate, in the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. said County of Derby; and a Branch from the said Road,

Thomas Haworth being examined, said. That, by the in the Township of Mar pie aforesaid, to or near Marple Direction of a considerable Number of Persons, residing, Bridge, in the said County of; and another

or having Property in the Neighbourhood of the said Branch from or near Gate aforesaid, through

Road, the uiual Steps were taken preparatory to an the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the pre-Application to Parliament for an Act to amend the said sent Road in the Township of Difley, in the said Road, and a Bill was drawn by him, as Agent, which County of Chester, was committed, was, at a Meeting, submitted to the Consideration of the Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Corn-Promoters of the Plan, and to the Persons who had mittee. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had-directed to be reported to the House; and he

subscribed divers large Sums of Money, to be applied in the Amendment and Repair of the said Road, under the Authority of the proposed Ad; that the Bill so drawn was by them approved, and presented to the

House, where it is now depending:. That one of the read the Report in his Piace; and afterwards delivered principal Objects of the said Bill, is to open a Communication, by which the adjoining Country may be supplied with Lime, lor general Uses, and more especially for the Purpoi'es of Agriculture; and, as it was well known that the Road could not be maintained, or the Interctl of the Money so to be advanced, be paid, without a Toll on Lime generally, that Article was excepted in the Clause giving the other Exemptions usually inserted in Turnpike Acts :That the I louie, having been pleated to refer the said Bill to a Committee, the Words by which Lime was, as above-mentioned, excepted from the general Exemption from Toll granted by the said Bill, in Favour of Manure of every other Kind, were in that Committee left out: That the above Alteration so made in the said Bill, is contrary to the Wilhes and Intention of the several Persons who joined in the said Subscription, or concurred in the Application to Parliament for the said Bill; that if Lime passing along the said Road were to be exempted from the Payment of Toll, as now directed by the said Bill, the Income of the Trull would be so diminished, that the Road could not be kept in sufficient Repair

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, " diverting, and turning, the Road from,

" through Buxton, in the County of and Stock-

" port, in the County of Chester, to in the County of Lancaster-, and also, the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through " Chapel en le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to " the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said " County of Chester" and for making and repairing a new Branch from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le

Frith

Hurdlow House and Manchelicr Ronds Bill, passed.

Fofs Navigation and Drainage Billj passed*

langtoft In* closure Biii, passed.

Rufton Farva Inclostuf Bill, parted/*

41GE6.IIL 150 Junii. 553

Frith aforesaid, to or near to, Buxton aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hi's present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the " Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the tc County of Derby, and Stoin the County of " Chester, to Manchester, in the county of;

" and also, the Road from Latte , and from Sorrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all in the said County of Derto the last mentioned " Road at Whaley, in the said County of Che/lerand for making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Bar moor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to Fair-field, near Buxtoit aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence,

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a'Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the River , at or near " the City of York, to Stillingto Mill, in the Parish of " Stillington,in the North Riding of the County of York,

" and for draining and improving certain Low Lands,

" tying on each Side of the said River Fofs," so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the " River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of

" York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stilling!on, " in the North Riding of the County of York, and for " draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on " each Side of the said River Fofs," so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Laiigtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, anil other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Rufion Parva, otherwise Little Rttfion, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was read the Thhd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Vol. 56.

Open Common Field*, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Rufion Parva, otherwise Little Rufion, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committed, to whom Bathwick the Bill for paving, (leaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, and're-com- ' Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within the mitted.

Parish. of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, and for

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police there; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men and Basket Women, within the said Parish of Bathwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Fetcham in-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whic}i they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

The Earl of Yarmouth reported from the Committee; Irwin's Ertaie to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, B'*!'

An Act for vesting Two Freehold Messuages in Lombard an p Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right honourable Charles Lord Vif-counr Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for,

inveiling the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was committed; That the Commiftee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Earl of Yarmouth do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this - B House

H. i So i.

House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act committed. for veiling certain Estates in the County of

ft rift ly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Oxford,deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the first Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same L ies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Act ley, . Mr. jodnil, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Exeter Nivi- An ingrossed Bill for improving and extending the paiiid.Bl"' Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and as shall be necessary for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 135. I.9. To leave out from " Equity" to " And," in Pr. 137. 1. 16.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Housej and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refulvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy, as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir Lawrence Palk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for fare Bn/'to0* dividing' and *nci°sing> the Open and Common Fields, fend far Per- Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe A'tlot-fons, Papers, ment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within astd Records. the parish of Enfield,in the County of is

committed, have Power to fend for PciTons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of the

Teu'k'/iury, in the County of Glov.ccsler; ^.e

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Wc^ct. Setting forth, That the present Method of filling Wheat and other Grain by Measure, in which no regular Standard is used, is productive of great Inconvenience and Deception, and renders it importable to ascertain the real Price of such Wheat and Grain, as it is found to be impracticable, under the existing Laws, to guard against the Frauds praftited in the Returns made to the Clerk of the Market; and consequently, the Mngilb-ates are unable to fix the Assize of Bread from those Returns with any Correctnds, in Proportion to the real Average Price of Corn; and that the Petitioners, and the Public in general, labour under great Imposition in con-ilquence of the present Method of felling Potatoes, Turnips, Carrots, and Parships, by Mc^-sure; and it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Public, and to remedy the Evils now experienced, it Wheat, and all other Corn, and also Potatoes, Turnips, Carrots, and Parsnips, were sold by one fixed Weight only: And therefore praying, That the House will take the above Evils into Consideration, and provide such Remedy as shall fieem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present High Price of Provisions.

An ingossed Bill for draining, dividing,- and in- Cropland doling, a Common called Crow!and Common, or Goggujh* induiurc i>dJ, land, and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Com- passed, monable, and Waste Grounds, called The IT ashes, and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining, or near to, the Township of Cropland) in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Common called Cropland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable, and Waste Grounds, called The Washes, and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining, or near to, the Township of Cropland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Tyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Durham An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Schools Bill, for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of committed. poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Uic?Ser and An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-1 ,ng anc* enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in {ruled. the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the 14th Year of the Reign ct His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir William Lout her do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Citizens, and Principal Tewksbury, Inhabitants* of the City of Hereford: And also*

2

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying Barkwayand in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Com- Kecd^Dnuiion mon Meadows, Commonable Land>, Commons, and ment Bill, Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkzvay paired, and Reed, in the County of Hertford, and the Hamiets thereto belonging; and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Siieepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way cf Ryder, for empowering the Commissioners to fell the Heath and Waste Lands for defraying the Expences of carrying the A cl into Execution.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hoyle, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Proprietors to borrow Money for the Purpose of Ring-fencing their Allotments.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 53. I.32. To leave out from <c Cattle" to " And," in Pr. 58. 1. 24.

And

4i Geo. III.

15® J

the] ft on tii-tloiure Bill, passed. *

Lord Abergavenny's Estate Bill, reported, and passed*

And the said Amendment Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Pari Hies of Barkway and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford-, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Chef on, otherwise Chelve) cum Caldecott, in the County of , be now

read the Third Time;

Mr. William DunJas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Chelfon, otherwise Chelveftoncum Caldecott, in the County of

Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingtofild Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny, to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion being made. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

Mr. William Dundas(by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Pugh's Estate Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of, and in, the Real Estates deviled by the Will of Mary Pugh, Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey,in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trust,

to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and, by the like Directions, to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances aftecting the same Estates; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, if any, to arise from such Sales, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein express'ed, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 56.

555

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr.

Mr. Jones, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from, the Lords, by Mr. Sgranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties pasuble on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the lecuting the Duties on Auctions and Gluts Bottles, and on Paper printed,' painted, or ltained, to l'erve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the; further Improve- rnent of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue, until the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His-prclent Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amend, the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the ifl'uing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act passed in Ireland in the Fortieth Y^ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits 3" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, pati'ed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Me of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also, to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act; without any Amendment t And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Rufjia, and to Freight of Rufjia, Swedish, and Danish Ships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better lup-plying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River;

and

The Lords have agreed to

Irish Expiring Law Bill.

Trish Spirit Licences, See* Bill. — Expiring Law.

Ij ifh Distiller* Bill. — Expiring Law.

Isle of Man Trade Bill,

Russia,

Swedish, &C# Ships Bill.

Greenock Harbour and Police Bill*

A. 1801

556 15° Jmii-

and for feuing out the Glebe oif the said town j without any Amendment: Andalfo,

Sheemefi The Lords have agreed to the Bill', intituled, An Act PaVbgBilh for building a Pier at Sheer ness, in the Hie of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for al'eertaining, imposing, and recovering, certain Duties for the supporting, maintain-v ing, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier, for paving, repairing, cleahfing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minjfer,in the said Ille of which lieth

hear His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheer-hess, called Blue Town and Mile Townand for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; without any AmendmentAnd also,

Hai'in"! Rc»d The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act °* to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Kent, in the

Parish of Tkehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

Melton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Grantham*"4 ^or continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence Road Bill. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Croft, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act °* *B, U' to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from The Gate and

Cotton Hill, in the Town of in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrezvjlmry to IV eljhPool, at or near the Tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to, Buttington Hall, in the County of Montgomery; without any Amendment: And also, weavmWp, The Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Act 4c. incloiuie for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common 1 ‘ Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste

Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Helper thorp, East Lutton, and,

otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of IVeaver-thorp, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also, of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively; without any Amendment: And also, sUmbriiige The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inc ofure Bill. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Slimbndge, in the County of Gloucester; and for allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County j without any Amendment: And also, skellcw, 4c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Incioiure Bill, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Parish of Owston, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The loth naturalizing David Court; to which the Lords desire hlvePatlc<1 the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for suthm;er't naturalizing Henry Suthmier; to which the Lords desire Nat. Bill, the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for pfe;ps Kat. naturalizing John William Pfeil; to which the Lords Bill, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also*

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Harre'sKat naturalizing William Havre; to which the Lords desire Blil* the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hiring's Nat. naturalizing John Haring; to which the Lords desire BlUt the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee* Bin to amend to whom the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, reported! ' intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and in*

" doling, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows*

and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and.

" Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds*

" within the several Parishes of HaFeltham, and " Sunbury, in the County of Midd/ef as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the; said Manor, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Cheltenham the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, '

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tything or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tything or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of

Ordered, That the Marquis of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Ripple Tncl*-certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripp/e, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And' that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Molfcioft in the Open Fields, and Common or Car, within the BlU* Township of Molfcroft, in the Parish of John of Beverley, in the Eall Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes

thereof.

41 Geo. Ill*

150 Junii.

551

thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Car, within the Township of Molfcroft, in the Parish of Saint John of

ley,in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Morrill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Little Wee- Mr. Morritt reported from the Committee, to whom doiure^il" t‘ie Bill for dividing, allotting, 'and inclosing, the repotted. ' Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Lillie Wand within the Township of Little IVee, in the Parish of , in

the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in IVeeton, Riplingham, and Hunjley, in the same Township, Parish, and Riding, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of 2 Cottage Rights, 6 Acres of Old inclosed Land, and 71 Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interestedinthe Inclosure confifts of 36 Cottage Rights, 588 Acres of Old inclosed Land, and 177 Oxgangs of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

OkiTand Mr. Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to

Montgomery whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Roads Bill, enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 8th and repurte 23th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop'sCaJUe, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at West bury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also, for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads in the said Counties of and Montgomery, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Darfford An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-

Roads Bill, ing the Powers, of Tw'O several Acts, made respectively

faffed. jn tke an{j 22cj Years of the Reign of His present

Vol. 56.

Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in the Firstand Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Court's Nat. for naturalizing David Court, was read the First Time. Bill, read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Harre, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Suthmier'* for naturalizing Henry Suthmier, *was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Haring's Nati for naturalizing John Haring, was read the First Time. Bill, read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pfeil'sNat. for naturalizing John William Pfeil, was read the First read> Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Hiftonand whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the {^dofurere-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- committed mon Failures, and other Open and Commonable Lands Bill, reported, and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Hifon Saint Andrew, and Hiflon Saint , and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge, was re-committed, with respect to the Consent of the several Persons interested; That the Committee had further inquired, and found that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,

(except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 59. 8s. id. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.57. 5 s. 1 x d. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to, Persons interested in the Inclosure are assessed to the Land Tax at £.304. 3J. id. per Annum)-, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any further Amendment; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word now"

Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time.

7 C The

Account of Per foils confined for Trea-fofl, presented.

Info! vent Dtbrors Bill, deferred.

Account relative to Newfoundland Fiilicry, ordered.

presented.

o ev

15 j.

A. 1801.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to a Clause in the said Bill;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said proposed Amendments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ l6'

Tellers for tire Noes, |s^'mthmElJori: jo1'

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.'

Mr..Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Persons who have been apprehended lince the 13th of April 1801, under Charges of High Treason, and Treasonable Praft ices; distinguishing such as have been confined under similar Charges at any Time previous to the 13th of April, with the Dates of the Warrants of their respective Commitments; and also; distinguishing such as are now in Custody.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Ssdilon.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Eftiinated Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, including the Arrears outstanding, to 5th of April 1801.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is inferred in the Appendix to this Volume.

Account of Surplus of ConsoliJaied Fund, pre-icjited.

Means for raising the

Morning,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Fitli and Oil exported from Newfoundland, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1793, and the Three Years ending the 5th Jamary 1801; distinguishing the Countries to which the same have been sent.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and Number of Men, which have cleared out from the different Ports of Britain for the

Newfoundland Fishery, in Three Years ending 5th January 1793, and the Three Years ending 5th January 1801.

The House being informed that Mr. Inspector

General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Fish and Oil exported from Newfoundland, in the Three \ears ending the 5th January 1793, and the Three Years ending the 5th January 1801; distinguishing the Countries to which the same have been lent; And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and Number of Men, which have cleared out from the different Ports of Britain for the Newfoundland Fishery, in Three Years ending 5th January 1793, and the Three Years ending 5th January 1801.

- And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Appendix

(No. 53.)

A Petition of James Hatch and Company, Thomas Petition of Sayer and Company, Philip Metcalfe and Company,

Richard Bushand Company, Thomas Smith and Company, CoUnt<-mil-Jofgh Bcnwc/land Company, John Hodgson and Com- imr Duties cm

pany, John Calvert Clerkeand Company, John Liptrap

and Company, William Booth and Company, ll'ill:am Parry and Company, and Michael and Company,

Distillers and Makers of Spirits, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, was presented to the House, and read; Settingfdrth, That, by the Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, certain Provisions are made respecting Countervailing Duties, and by virtue thereof the Exporter of Spirits from Ireland to England is entitled to a Drawback of the Duty . paid on Spirits in Ireland-, and, by an Act of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act " to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar,

" for a limited Time," is also entitled to a Drawback of the Duty paid upon the Sugar from which such Spirits are at present made, being Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence the Hundred Weight; and that no Countervailing Duty being imposed by the said last mentioned Act, in respect of the said Drawback upon the Sugar from which such Spirits are made in Ireland, the Distiller actually imports his Spirits into England at lo much less Rate of Duty than the English Distiller pays, as Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence the Hundred Weight in the Raw Material, or about Two Shillings per Gallon on the Spirits, than is paid by the Petitioners, and is thereby enabled contidcrably to under-fell them;

.and that by Reason thereof, large Quantities of Spirits have been imported into England from Ireland, and the Petitioners have every Keafon to apprehend that con- fulerable Quantities of Spirits in Ireland, now in Rcadi-ness, will be shipped, and arrive under similar Circumstances, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and the great Injury of the Petitioners, who have at this Time such large Quantities in Hand as that the Duties paid thereon exceed f.zoo,coo, and for which they have, for the Reasons before mentioned, at present no Demand; And therefore praying, That such an additional Countervailing Duty per Gallon may be imposed upon Spirits imported into England, as will bear a fair Proportion to the Drawback of Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence the Hundred Weight allowed upon the Sugar; and ir.af-much as the hid Act of Union directs, that, when any new or additional Countervailing Duty shall be imposed on the Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback equal in Amount to such Countervailing Duty shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article respectively from the same Country to the other; and that a Drawback may be allowed to the Engl ijhDistiller upon the Exportation of Spirits to Ireland, equal in Amount to any such additional Countervailing Duty, in order that the English and Irish Distillers may export to the respective Countries

upon

4i Geo. III.

its Junii.

559

Committee of Ways and Means.

Accounts referred.

Disposition of Grants.

Contributions to Lotteries.

Monies reserved for particular Services.

upon a fair and equal Footing; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His. Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1800 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies remaining in the Exchequer of Contributions to Lotteries, granted prior to the Year 1799; distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies reserved for particular Services, which have remained in the Exchequer since the ioth.Day of 1787, and which have not been called for; distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are reserved, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the (lime.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

O _

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Divorce Bill furt^cr Consideration the Report from the Committee further con-' of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from lidered. the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of jane Campbell with Edward Add;[on her now Husband, on Account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow '* Morning," and inserting the Words " upon this Day Three Months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, f^Sfney General68'

Tellers for the Noes, 5Mr. Solicitor General, I g

(Mr. Simeon: y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nezvbolt, according to Order, reported from the Campbell's

Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the an Amend-Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province ment* of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Phylic, with Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. ult. Leave out Proviso (A.)

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to . the Bill, in Proviso (B.) by leaving out the Words " Provided always," and inserting the Words " And " whereas in consequence of Affinity between the said " Eduard Addison and the said JeJJy Campbell, a valid " Marriage could not by Law take place, if the said " James Campbell had died, and the Divorce of the said " Marriage had not been effected; Be it therefore pravided," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Provided always," Hand.Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for Relief Reading of the Bill to prated and relieve, under certain Spiritual Provisions and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from mTtted!' C°m" vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-Residence on their Benefices,or their taking of Farms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon " Morning next."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now "

Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

t< 11 r , (Mr. Newbo/t, 7

Tellers for the Ycas, JMr X)irf.8/OT;jun;or. j J2

Tellers for the Noes.jJJ'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Court* Bill» Prize Courts in the West Indies and; and for

giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the " Decrees

5 13'

1801.

Papers respecting I e-

i«n pK-itnted.

Appendix

(No. J4.)

Keport re-

frc5ting the Newfoundland Fishery*

O CY

15 Jumi.

Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, ,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr '.Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge repotted from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

the United Kingdom from the Island of

and the Coast of Labrador, for a Time to be limited.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Jeffery, Mr.

Garland, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving ReportonM the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of the several nue'Ac-"* Accounts and Papers which were presented to the <:ou"t!> House, upon the 8th Day of May last, and the 8th '

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, pursuant to their Day of this Instant June, by Mr. Owen, from the Di-

Morning.

Orders,

A Lift of the Pensions on the Civil Establishment of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, up to the 25th of March last; together with the Dates of the fame, and of the Terms for which they were respectively granted: And also,

An Account of the Civil Establishment of that Part

rectors of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Report be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into inclosurcCon. of the United Kingdom called Ireland,up to the 25th further Confederation the Report from the Committee foiidationBiil, December 1800: And also, . of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consoli- ^another

An Account of all Grants and Salaries made or dating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted ordered, given to any Person or Persons, by Way of Compen- in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of lation for any Loss incurred by such Person or Persons proving the several Fads usually required on the passing in any Office or Offices held by such Person or Persons, of such Acts, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several Amend-ers of Compensations, to the Order of the House ments were intended to be proposed, that could not " of Commons, ol 30th April 1801." conveniently be made in the said Bill, as prepared;

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. and that it would be more convenient to withdraw the

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the said Bill;

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Bill,

The Two last, and the First of the said Papers, are as amended by the Committee, be discharged. preserved amongst the other Papers of this Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Session; and the Second is inserted in the Bill, and present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. and Mr. Secretary at War

do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

in consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland; together with the Dates and Terms of such Grants: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return from the Commiftlon-

Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunder-signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, residing in the Town and County of Poole, and carrying on the British Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; arid are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Salted or Pickled Salmon be permitted to be

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Debtors Refer the further Relief of Debtors, with reiped to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Malta Trade Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for report imported into the United Kingdom from the Island of empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and Newfoundland, and the Coast ol Labrador. from the Island of Malta, and to declare that the fame

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall be considered as Part of was committed, the

That a Bounty of Three Shillings be allowed for every Amendments which the Committee had made to the Quintal or One Hundred Weight of Merchantable Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Salted Cod Fish and Salmon, imported into the United House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Island afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador, for a Time to in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

be limited.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding at the End thereof, the Words, " for a Time to be limited."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, that Salted or Pickled Salmon be permitted to be imported into

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the into Mem-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ber4 E«>"p-«xempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such norted"'

Members *

Papers relating to the Trade between India and Europe* prclented.

Excise Regulation Bill* presented.

Committee on Bill for lecur-ing Copy-light.

41 Geo. III.

i£° Jm

Members of ' both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called -and

such other1 Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then 'a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of the Papers concerning the Trade between India and Europe, printed by Order -of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and laid before the Court cf Proprietors of India Stock on the 28th of May 1801: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Paragraphs lately transmitted by the Directors of the East India Company to the Commissioners for the Affairs of as intended to be

sent out to the Governor and Council of Fort on the Subject of the Trade by Subjects between

India and Europe; together with the Answer returned by the said Commissioners: And also,

N°'3. Copy of the Proceedings of a'General Court of Proprietors of India Stock, held on the 28th of May 1801; together with the -llefult of the Ballot on a Question then adopted: And also,

N°4. Copy of a Memorial from the Directors of the East India Company to the Lords of the Treasury;

dated 7th May 1797, on the Subject of regulating the Duties on East India Goods; together with Copies of the Papers thereunto annexed.

Together with a Lilt of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

report, ^"Vvheri the House will please; to ' receive the ^fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Dtiy.

Offered, That the Order of the Day, fdr the House to resolve itfe'lf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of providing Accommodations for the Jddges in such Cities and Towns in Ireland, in whiqh '"Affixes and Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations are not already sufficiently provided, be ndw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve

itfelf into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of continuing an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of Av.gvjl One thousand Eight hundred and One, the importation into " Ireland of Britishand Foreign Hops, at a like'Duty " as is payable in Great Britain for the fame," so ' far as relates-to the Duties payable on the Importation of British Hops into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House -will,'this 'Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the t)rder of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth 'Day'of One thousand -Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of " the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland for " granting Duties to His Majesty,"'as-relates'to the Duties on Absentees, benow read.

And the said Order being*read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To^-morrOW Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fdr the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th Year of the Reign /of His present Majesty, and in the last Session -of the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Drawbacks on -Sugar exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House 'will, this 'Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee oil Accommodations for Judges in freland, deferred.

Committee oti

Importation of British 'Hops into tretam)f: deferred.

Committee dh Duties bn Irish Abfcn-tees, deferred*

"'CWnmTttbe cfn Dr£w^(icfc$*ott Sugar "Exported from Ireland, deferred.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom o and Ireland,

by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Trench took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Trench reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto^ which they- had directed him to

Vol. 56,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ir;o, stamp 'Reading of the ' Bill (now ingroired)'for granting to His Duties Bill, Majesty, for a Time to be limited, additional Stamp Presented* Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and PrOmiflfory Notes, and on certain Infuranees therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for -granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, additional Stamp Duties in on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland, holding obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been -executed without being duly stamped.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ®uties<? 27 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- to'bfwn-' 7 D tuled,

i*

Hair Powder and Armorial Bearings Trans ter Bill, deferred.

Printer* Indemnity Bill, deterred.

National Debt ‘ Bill, committed.

Committee on BiJl to amend Atf s ref pelting Land Tax Redemption,

150 — i6° Junii.

tuled, " An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue} for permitting the Importation of ,certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce " or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the " French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying " certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Ex-. u chequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Reduction of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duty on Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingross'ed Bill for transferring the Receipt and Manigement of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in relped to the said Duties so transferred;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or difperled, or who shall publifti or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, from ajl Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Piace of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fcfolve itleif into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England ',to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill Le committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

l

The Order of the Day being read; for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Ba!, Jefe;ed. whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures; Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for Re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Reco- His Majesty, very of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Sue- deforced, cessors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for set-Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed 1 for thebetter settling of Disputes between Masters and Workmen, and ano Maftmand between Matters and Mistresses of Families and menial **" and domestic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day.

„ Mr. Parker Coke, according to Order, reported from bonfhble* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill afu^reported. to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled; " An Act for the better securing to " Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying " Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of " Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons and for allowing to High.Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charg's in certain Cafes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present,'

The House Was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without -'-1

a Question first put, till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

1

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itleif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. lliley Addington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hi ley Addington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Martis, 16* die Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii III*" Regis, 1801.

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Lor(jsAmcad-the Amendments made by the Lords to the merits to Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, pa fled in the Thirty-iecond Year a^rsedto. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of PleaJUy, Glapvoell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafland', to the Turnpike Road

leading

41 Geo. III. i

leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of field, in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 32. After "them'* insert Clauses (A). (B). and (C).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enabled, That if " any Money shall be agreed " or awarded to be paid for any " Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue " of the Powers of the said recited " Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong " to kny Corporation, Feme Covert,

" Infant, Lunatic, or Person under " any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said Acts particularly mentioned, such Money Clause (B). 1 " shall, in case the same shall " amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient % tSpeed, be paid into the Bank of " England, in the Name and with " the Privity of the Accountant " General of the High Court of " Chancery, to be placed to his " Account there, ex pariethe Trustees for executing the said Acts " and this Act, to the Intent that " such Money shall be applied under " the Di red ion, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to,

" be signified by an Order made " upon a Petition to be preferred " in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have.

" been entitled to the Rents and " Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or " Redemption of the Land Tax, Or towards the Discharge of any " Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the " said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands or " Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing " settled therewith, to the same or " the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall " not be so applied, then the same " shall be laid out and inverted,

" under the like Direction and " Approbation of the said Court,

" in the Purchase of other Lands " or Hereditaments'/which shall be conveyed and settled to, fur, and " upon, such and the dike Uses,

" Trusts, Intents, and Purposes,

" and in the same Manner, as the " Lands or Hereditaments which " shall be so purchased, taken, of " used as aforesaid, flood settled or " limited, or such of them as at " the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be " existing undetermined, and ca- CLAUSE (C). *f " pable of taking Effect; and in

1 the mean Time, and until such

Purchase shall be made, the said " Money shall, by Order of the " Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his " Name, in the Purchase of Three

Vol.j6.

5^3

u Pounds per Centum Cotifolidated,

" or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time, and until the said " Bank Annuities- shall be ordered " by the said Court to be sold for " the 6 aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the " said Consolidated or Reduced " Bank Annuities, shall from Time " to Time be paid, by Order of the " said Court, to the Persons or Persons who would for the Time being " have been entitled to the Rents " and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made."

‘ Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if any Money so " agreed or awarded to be paid for " any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the " Purposes aforesaid, and belonging " to any Corporation, or to any " Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid,

" shall be less than the Sum of " Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty " Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for " the Time being entitled to the " Rents and Profits of the Lands " or Hereditaments so purchased,

" taken, or used, or of his, her, or " their Guardian or Guardians,

" Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be " signified in Writing under their " respective Hands) be paid into " the Bank in the Name and with " the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court u of Chancery, and be placed to his " Account as aforesaid, in order to " be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the u same shall be paid (at the like " Option) to Two Trustees, to be " nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and " approved of by Five or more of tc the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands " of the nominating and approving " Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends " arising thereon, may be applied in " any Manner hereinbefore directed.

" so far as the same be applicable,

" without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction " or Approbation of the Court of Chancery."

Provided also, and be it further Enacted. That where such Money so " agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (hallbeleft " than Twenty Pounds, then and <( in all such Cases the same shall be " applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the " Time being have been entitled

« to

564 t6° junii. jt.i&oi.

to the Rents and Profits of the " Lands or Hereditaments so pufchated, taken, or used for the " Purposes of the said ACcs and this " Ad, in such Manner as the said " Trustees, or any Five or more of " them, shall think fit, or in case of " Infancy or Lunacy, then to his,

" her* or their Guardian or Guardians. Committee or Committees,

" to and for the Use and Benefit of l'uch Person or Persons so entitled K‘ respectively."

The said Amendments being fevfirally read a Second ‘Time* were, upon the Que.ftion severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. r Coke do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, t,hat this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their. Lordships.

Sutton Court- An ingrossed; Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in BUI Inc}^uW -Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common u pw Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton in the

'same Parish, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, do pass: And that the Title dae, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common 'JVleadows, Common Pastures,- Commonable Lands, and -Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton,

and the Hamlet of Sutton (Vick, in the same Pari fir, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill -to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Saint Tves - Mr. CizA/er/, Junior,reported from the Committee, to Inciofure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the reported. Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint , in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; and, to whom the Petition of Thomas Wollaston Whiteof in the County of Nottingham, fllquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to . Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Count'd in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their C.onlent to the Bill, and to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his *Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a .'Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bottifliam Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom Inciofure Bill, the Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, jeporw . the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and ty'afte Grounds, within the Parish of Bottisham, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Renjamin Barker, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and so.und that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and lad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and x

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent; to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Lpnd lax at /.it. 1 ox. who refuted to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates allcfled to the Land Tax at £.4. 14X. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Estates atlelled to the Land Tax amounts to,£. 271. 14X.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and.made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then.a Second Time, One by One;.and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered\That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition.of Edmund Hill, of Whitin the County of petlt;on MUd/efex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Mr-. Hill, _ Taking.Notice of the Bill to alter and amend so much aii^na h.ui-° :of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti- worth. Ax. tuled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, hKloiuie Act* " the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pal*

" sures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

" and alto the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the " several Paritlies of Ilanworth, Feltham, and Sunbitry, in

" the County of Middlesex," as authorizes and requires the Com mltioners to make a-certain Allotment, therein mentioned, to j Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor; and Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the Commil-liouers therein named are authorized and required, after making certain Allotments, to let out, and allot* unto the Petitioner, his Heirs, or Assigns* such Plot or Plots of the Refid ue of the said Waste Lands and Grounds as should be equal in Value to One-Sixteenth Part thereof; and that it appears from the Court Rolls of the said Manor, that, in 1749, a Court of Survey of the said Manor was held, and the Jury thereupon found,

As follows; viz." That by tome Agreement between " Sir Robert Ke/ligrezv, Knight, a former Lord of this " Manor, and the Tenants of the lame, the said Sir , " Robert did inclose a Parcel of Common, from the Corner of a Hedge called Broomfield Corner, or " Pill,i Corner,on the North, tOwaids a Gate called " KemptonGate, towards the South; and that the said " Tenants did releate their Right thereto, and that in " Consideration thereof, the said Tenants were to be At " Liberty to inclose t lie rest; of the said Common to " their own yfe, at and under the like Rents, Customs,

" and Services, as they enjoy their inclosed Lands " within the said Manor,; and the said Sir Robert Kelligrew did release his Right of Commonage, or depasturing Four Hundred Siicep in the said Common,

" and paid Thirty Pounds to the Use of the Poor of " Kempton, and that ever since the Lords of the said " Manor have successively enjoyed the said inclosed " Ground, and the Tenants enjoyed the rest of the said " Common, without the Lords having Common therein;" and that the Persons interested in the said Waste Lands contended, that the said Sir Robert grew had, by the said Agreement, surrendered, and yielded up, not only all Right of Common on the Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, but also all Claim to the Soil thereof, as Lord of the said Manor, to, and in Favour of, the then Tenants thereof; and Rating, ,that they were adviled that the said recited Provision, in the said Act contained, would be a Bar to,

.defeat any Action at Law, which might be brought by them against the Petitioner to try and determine such their Rights and Claims as aforesaid, and they were therefore precluded from trying the fame; and that the Petitioner did not know, until this Day, that any such Bill was depending in the House, and he conceives he will be much injured, if the said Bill should pals

into

4r Geo. III. i Juniu

into a Law, and that he ought not to be put to the Expence and Delay of a Trial at Law, as mentioned in the said Bill, inasmuch as it appears upon the Agreement, which is the only Ground upon which the said Bill is founded, that the said Sir Robert formerly

.Lord of the Manor of , did not release, or give

up his Right to the said Commons, but, on the contrary, all Rents, Customs, and Services, in respect thereof, are refexved; and, even if the finding of the Jury in the said Presentment is interpreted in the Manner contended for by the Promoters of the said Bill, yet the Petitioner's Interest in the said Commons, as Copyhold Estate, is much more than equivalent to the One-Sixteenth Part directed to be allotted to him by the said Act: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, against the passing of the said Bill into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fitl

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time . Tomorrow Morning.

Kmnerfley, . Mr. Biddulph reported from the Committee, to whom Bui deponed for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

' and Common Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste

Lands, lying within the Manors of and HurJIey,

and in the Parishes of Kinnerjley and Lower Letton, in the County of Hereford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Kinnerjley, in the County of Hereford-, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Manor of Hurfey, in the Parish of Letton, in the County of Hereford, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates, having Right of Common, assessed to the Land Tax at £.3. 18 4 and also, except the Proprietors of Estates, having Right of Common, assessed to the Land Tax at £.6. 4 7 d. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is aftefted to the Land Tax at £.87. 14J. id.)-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stony Strat- Sir William Del ben reported from the Committee, to m u lj p°m~ whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, Bill/reporteiL and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Min Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstrutftions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also, for repairing the Rampart Road or causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Oise, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates, situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the

VOL. 56.

Parishes of Calvefton and Woolverton, in the said County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said Improvements, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then. a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for making, widening, and repairing, the Road from the old Bridge in the Town of Stockport, in the County of C/iefer, through the several Townships of Stockport, Offerton, and Marple, in the said County, and the Village of New Mills, in the County of Derby, to or near Thornfet Gate, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from the said Road in the Township of Marple aforesaid, to or near Marple in the said

County of Clnjler-, and another Branch from or near ! Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present' Road, in the Township of Disley, in the said County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, the Road from the old Bridge, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Townships of Stockport, Offerton, and Marple, to or near Marple Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road in the Township of Aiarple aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills, to or near 'Thornfet Gate, both in the County of Derby; and another Branch from or near Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road in the Township of Difley, in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chefer, to,

and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Ternhill,to Newport aforesaid, being the Second

District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford,in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks-, without any, Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates, late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trulls in such Indentures mentioned, for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and assure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses,

7 E conformable

Stockport and Marple Bridge Roads BUi» passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Chester and Whitchurch Roads Bill.

Lyford In clo sure Bill

The Lords have palfed Carew's Estate Bill*

GoolcTs Lltete Bill.

Leave given to offer a Clause on Third Reading of Sharpies and Bolton Roads Bill.

Bathwick Paving, d:c. re-committed Bill, reported.

Bill to prevent dealing from Gardens, &c. ordered.

16° Junii., ' 1801.

conformable to f lie lad Will and Testament of the said Herbs, and Vegetables, growing or being in any Garden,

Sir Nicholas Hackett Came; for enabling Richard Carew, Lands, or Grounds, open or inclosed: And that Mr.

Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the Main-Faring and Sir John William do prepare, said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for and bring in, the fame, vesting certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees,

in Trust, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Releale, ' A Petition of the thereunder-signed Clerks, belonging Petitions for or Extinguishment, of the several Quit Rents, Heriot to the Law Exchequer Office in ‘ , was presented in°i7ifo Courts

Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, Copy- to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to Bill.

hold, and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respec- render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's — -

tively; and also, the cnfranchifing, or reducing tofmall Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of

Fines certain, the several Customary or Copyhold the United Kingdom called , more beneficial Ireland.

Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and and effectual in Personal Actions; and Setting forth, for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters re- That the Petitioners have been constantly employed in

spectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Heredita- the Law Exchequer Office from the different Periods

ments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the they were capable of earning their Bread, and, by their Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And Application to learn the Business of that Office solely, also, are now therefore so inexperienced of any other Law

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Business, as to be totally incapable of supporting their enabling Henry Michael Goold, Esquire, to charge certain Families; and that, by the said Bill, the Business of the Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins, Law Excheqir r would be much lessened, whereby the Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their re- Petitioners will be deprived of the Means of supporting spective Minorities; to which the Lords desire the Con- themselves and Families: And therefore Praying the currence of this House. House to grant them such Compensation for the Lois

And then the Messengers withdrew. they will iuftain as shall leem meet.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, who hold picas Office. The House was moved, That the Report, which was Places in the Pleas Office of His Majesty's Court of Yelferday made from the Committee, to Whom the Pe- Exchequer in Ireland, was also presented to the House, tition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto and read; likewise Faking Notice of the said Bill; and subscribed, being Subscribers towards the Expence of Setting forth, Tu it the Petitioners, having served in their making and maintaining a Road from The Lamb bin, respective Stations in the said Office from their Youth otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in the Township of (wnen they were respectively bound Apprentices therein).

Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton-in the-Floors, to, or near and having devoted the Whole of their Lives in the

to, BrindleLane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Acquirement of a competent Knowledge of the Office

Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Ley land, all in the Business, and in earning their Bread in their respective County Palatine of Lancaster, or Persons nominated Situations, they arc not only prevented practising in the Trustees for the Execution of the said intended Act, Profession of Attornies, but in that Respect, they have was referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the felt every Connection that might serve them in such Table, might be again read. Profession; and that, at the Time the Petitioners were

And the same being read accordingly; appointed to their respective Offices, they considered

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause upon the Emoluments arising therefrom as permanent, from the Third Reading of the Bill, for making and main- the settled and fixed Authority of the Court of Exche-taining a Road from The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's quer, from Time immemorial, in possessing exclusively Public House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of the Writ of Subpoena; and that, if the said Bill should Bolton-in the-Moors, to, or near to, Brindle Lane End, pals into a Law, the Petitioners will be most essentially otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, injured in their respective Departments by the great in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of Decrease of Business in the Law Side of the Court of Lancaster, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Pe- Exchequer, wherefore the Petitioners, many of whom tition. are far advanced in Life, will be driven to begin the

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time World again in feme other Situation, in order to earn a Tomorrow Morning. . Subsistence for themselves and their Families: And

therefore Praying the House to grant them such rea- Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom sonable Compensation for the Lois they will respectively

the Bill for paving, {leaning, cleansing, lighting, watch- sustain by parting such Bill into a Law as shall seem ing, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, meet.

Pallages, and public Places* within the Parish of Bath- A Petition of David Courtenay, Keeper of the Seals of DavidCourw-wick, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was also preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Obstructions; and for establilliing a proper and effective Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, when Police there; and for licensing and regulating Hackney the Petitioner was appointed Keeper of the Seals of the Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Balket Men and Balket laid Court, he considered his Employment as perma-Women, within the said Parish of Bailiwick,was re- nent,from the settled and fixed Jurisdiction of the Ex-committed; That the Committee had made several chequer, which, from Time immemorial, has possessed other Amendments to the Bill, which they had di- exclusively the Writ of Subpoena, and the Process rested him to report to the House; and he read the thereon; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Law, it will deprive the Petitioner of the whole of his with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where present Emolument, which arises from the Process on the the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Subpoena: And therefore Praying the House to grant to then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the Petitioner a Compensation for the Loss which he Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by will iuftain by parting the said Bill into a Law. the House. A Petition of William Houghton, Clerk of the Process william

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was Houghton, ingrolled. also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking

Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Petitioner served his Apprenticeship, and has spent the more effectually preventing the dealing, taking away, or whole of his Life since in the Pleas Office, and thereby maliciously pulling up or destroying of Fruit, Roots, relinquifiied the Profession of an Attorney, and has 3 given

Robert

O'Hara,

Daniel Beere.

Day appointed for further eon-fidering Constables Expence* Bill.

41 Geo. III. .1

given up every Connection that might have advanced him in it; and that when the Petitioner was appointed Clerk of the Process, he considered his Emolument permanent, from the settled and fixed Jurisdiction of the Exchequer, which, for Time immemorial, has possessed exlcufively the Writ of Subpoena, and the Process thereon; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will deprive the Petitioner of the whole of his present Emolument, which arises solely from the Process on the Subpoena: And therefore Praying the House to grant him a Compensation for the Loss which he will sustain by passing the said Bill into a Law.

A Petition of Robert O'Hara, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, Pursuivant of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1781, was, by His Majesty's Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, appointed Pursuivant of the said Court of Exchequer, and has ever since, and now enjoys, the said Office, and executes the same by hithfelf and his Deputy; and that the Petitioner and his Deputy are entitled to, and have received, and do receive, considerable Fees and Profits in the said Office, which arise On Attachments awarded and directed to them for Contempts in the Non-performance of the Orders, and the Non-execution or Abuse of the Process and Executions in the several Suits instituted in the said Court of Exchequer, in Personal Actions; and that the Petitioner will suffer a considerable Diminution of his Fees and Profits of the said Office, if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and his said Office of Pursuivant is not mentioned in the said Act, as one of those the Officer of which should receive Compensation on Account of the Loss and Diminution of his Fees and Profits, although he is, and has been as aforesaid, an Officer of the said Court for Twenty Years last past: And therefore praying. That the House will take his same into Consideration; and, in the Event of the Bill being passed into a Law, to insert his said Office of Pursuivant therein, as one of those the Officer of which shall be entitled to Compensation, on Account of the Diminution of the said Fees and Emoluments.

A Petition of Daniel Beere, of the City of Dublin, Gentleman, Deputy Pursuivant of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1781, was appointed Deputy Pursuivant of the said Court of Exchequer, to exercise and conduct the Duty and Buli-ness thereof, and he has ever since accordingly exercised and conducted the said Business, and still continues so to do sand that the Petitioner is intitled to considerable Fees and Profits in the said Office; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Business of the said Court of Exchequer will be very considerably leficned, and the Petitioner will in consequence thereof, suffer a considerable Diminution of his Fees and Profits: And therefore praying, That the House will take his same into Consideration; and, in the Event of the said Bill being passed into a Law, to insert his said Office of Deputy Pursuivant of the said Court of Exchequer therein, so that the Petitioner may be considered one of those Officers of the said Court entitled to Gom-pensation.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expence^ofconveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing Vo L.56.

" the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence " against Felonsand for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of Charles Wiber, a Prisoner confined for Debt in the Sheriff's Prison of the County of the City of Dublin:And also,

A Petition of Thomas Giordani, an Insolvent Debtor, confined in the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin: And also,

A Petition of John Francis Norton, a Prisoner confined for Debt in the Sheriff's Prison of the City of Dublin: And also,

A Petition of Edward Cahil, an Insolvent Debtor, in the Custody of the Sheriffs of the City of Dublin;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Praying the House to take their several Cafes into Consideration, and specially to include their Names in the said Bill, as proper Persons to obtain the Relief thereby intended.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Newbolt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Nezvbolt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Order read for Committee on Insolvent Debtors Bill.

Petitionsto be included.

Wiber.

Giordani.

Norton.

Cahil.

Bill considered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jjui,tors e e upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaiv Lefevre reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him toreport the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Lift LiftofPen-of the Pensions on the Civil Establishment of that Part cwHEitah' of the United Kingdom called Ireland, up to the 25th biishment'of of March last, together with the Dates of the fame, and irekud, to be of the Terms for which they were respectively granted, pruUe ' be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported froth the Report Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred *" -

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which.

the

Application of Income Duty.

Ditto of Tonnage Duty,

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Money remaining in the Exchequer.

Dr

Surplus of Grants.

Interest of Land l ax.

Money re-lcrvetl.

Contributions To Lotteries.

Exchequer

biiis.

Dr

568 160 Junii. . 1801.

the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followctli; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties upon Income, there shall and may be ifi'ued and applied the Sum of Four Millions towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, over and above the Sums necessary to discharge the interest of any Loans which have been charged on the said Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vetrds, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Three Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds out of the Monies that shall arile of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four Hundred Thirty-three Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the Exchequer, of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year One thousand Eight hundred, for enabling His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which His Majesty had entered into with the Emperor of Germany.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Sixty-five 'Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy-one Pounds and Four Shillings, remaining in the Exchequer, of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year One thousand Eight hundred, for the Charge of the Troops of the Elector of Bavaria.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Sum granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Sixty-five Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence Half-penny, being the Surplus of the Grants for the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arile from the Interest of Land Tax, contrafted for, and payable by, Instaiments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four Thousand and Eighty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, reserved in the Exchequer for particular Services since the 10th Day of May 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Eight Thousand Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence 'Three Earthings, remaining in the Exchequer, of Contributions to Lotteries granted prior to the Year 1 799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Sum ot Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exohequec That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Bills, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i>.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, DutyonCards That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, lmP0Ited# an additional Duty of One Pound and One Shilling, be charged upon every Dozen Packs of Playing Cards imported into Great Britain (except from Ireland\)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d*.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pack of Playing Cards imported into Great Britain from Ireland.

The First Fourteen Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was propoied to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " A u Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence/* and inserting the Words " an additional Duty of Six " Pence," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ReJ'olvedy That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pack of Playing Cards imported into Great Britain from Ireland.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Braggey Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Lord George I'hynne,

Mr. Bondy Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittarty and Mr. Hiley Addington^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the First and Eighteenth Order of of the Resolutions which, upon the ad Day of April EiUo/certaln last, were reported from the Committee of the whole Resolutions, House, to whom it was referred to consider further of dxitharged. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read;

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied such " Part of the Aids or Supplies granted by the Parliament of that Part of the United Kingdom called " Ireland, for the Service of the Year ending at Lady " Day 1801, as shall exceed the Proportion of the said <c Aids or Supplies, from the 25th Day of March 1800,

" to the 1 ft Day of January 1S01."

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there shall be established, in that " Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, one or " more Lottery or Lotteries, upon such Scheme or <c Schemes of Prizes, and under such further and other <c Regulations, Powers, and Provisions, necessary for carrying the same into Execution, as shall be appointed " and directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief " Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time .<c being."

Ordered, That 1b much of the Order, made upon

the

Instruction.

West Indies, &c. Prize Courts Bill, reported, and re-committed.

Salaries, See. to Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts to be con idered.

Hair Powder

and Armorial J^earines Transfer Bill, deferred.

Bill for securing Copyright, reported.

41 Geo. III. 1 Junii.

the 2d Day of April last, for Leave to bring in a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the First Eighteen of the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confidcfr further of Way: and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, as relates to the First and Eighteenth of the said Resolutions, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, That they do make Provision in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the said First and Eighteenth Resolutions.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the WeJ(IIndies and America and for giving a more

speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved', That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nekt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion being made, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Salaries to be paid to the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies and America; and to consider of Allowances to be granted, in certain Cales, to Persons who have held the Office of Judges in the said Courts;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of proper Salaries to be paid to the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies and America, and to consider of Allowances to be granted, in certain Cafes, to Persons who have held the Office of Judges in the said Courts.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Salaries to be paid to the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies and ylmerica, and to consider of Allowances to be granted, in certain Gales, to Persons who have held the Office of Judges in the said Courts.

Ordered, Tlrxtthe Order of the Day, fortheThird Reading of the ingrafted Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also, for making further Provisions in re I j wet to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. ‘Trench, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

56.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.! Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third irKh Members Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Re-ftdence in Great Britain, be now read.

And tire said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into I"<b Elec-further Consideration the Report from the Committee jXdoferred. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^,rawrb"^*90 to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of ponedfrom Ireland in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Ireland> Majesty, and in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being‘read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pleaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, fora Time to be limited, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing Brit ifi Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for B;)1 ordered regulating, for a Time to be limited, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of Rrilifa Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland: And that Mr. Bragge and Mr. Carry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

7 F 0 rdered.

57° i 6* Junii. 1801.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

flmsT"'3*11 torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Judges in to consider of providing Accommodations for the Judges

Ireland. jn such Cities an(J Towns in in which Affixes and

Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations are not already sufficiently provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Xm^ortaHonn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hops into to consider of continuing an Act, made in this present Ireland. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, " until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand " Eight hundred and One, the Importation into " Ireland of Britishand Foreign Hops, at a like Duty as " is payable in Great Britain for the fame," so far as relates to the Duties payable on the Importation of British Hops into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, Tiut the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bi'l for corv- Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to foluhting the Order, a Bill for consolidating, in One Act, certain Pro-r uiions m vj|-]0ns upua]jy inerted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

.Acts of In-

ctaiure,

presented.

DuWinSocie- Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Or-l»refeateS.re* der, a Bill for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Report on Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart reported from the Committee, to the&lt ng appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to the Salt Duties. Duties, and the Means of remedying the Incon-

veniences arising therefrom, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had proceeded in the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for promoting and encouraging the Fisheries of the United Kingdom, and for the Relief of the Merchants and Agents concerned in procuring and supplying Salt for the fame, it is expedient that Bond, or

Security, should be taken for the due Delivery of such Salt in the Single Value of the Duty only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in all Cases in which any Salt shall be shipped or delivered. Duty-free, for the Use of the Fisheries, it shall be lawful for the Principal Officer of Excise at the Port at which such Salt shall be so shipped or delivered, to accept the Bond of any sufficient and responfibte Person, to be approved of by such Officer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in all Cases in which the Deficiency of any Dutyfree Salt delivered to the Fisheries, or carried Coastwise,

shall not exceed One pet Centum of the Weight of such Salt, such Deficiency shall be allowed as unavoidable Waste, on Proof that it has not been occasioned by Fraud or Embezzlement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Six Months shall be allowed for the Production of Certificates for cancelling or discharging Bonds granted for the due Delivery of Duty-free Salt.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out, after the Words " Bond of" the Word " any," and by leaving out the Word "Person" and inserting the Word "Persons" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That in all Cases in which any Salt shall be shipped or delivered.

Duty-free, for the Use of the Fisheries, it shall be lawful for the Principal Officer of Excise at the Port at which such Salt shall be so shipped or delivered, to accept the Bond of sufficient and responsible Persons, to be approved of by such Officer.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Excise Rejo-Reading of the Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Ma- ‘ ' jesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commit two* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for al- Trid*

tering the Laws now in Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Report East India Company* Revenue Accounts.

ments thereunto, which they had directed hiui to report, when the House will please to receive the same:

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the 8 th Day of May last, and the 8th Day of this Instant June, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bakar, and and from Benares, and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenues, Oude Subsidy. Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1797-8 to 1799-1800, both inclusive, to the Sum of Six Crore Fourteen Lacs Seventy Thousand Three Hundred and Fifteen Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were estimated, for the Year 1799-1800, to amount to Six Crore Nineteen Lacs Sixty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-two Current Rupees, amounted to Six Crore Fifty Lacs Forty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and in Benares and Oude-, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, which were estimated, for the Year 1799-1800, at Four Crore Fifteen Lacs Seventy-five Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-four Current Rupees, amounted to Four Crore Thirty-three Lacs Twenty-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties for the Year 1800-1 So 1, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Six Crore Thirty-three Lacs Ninety-two^ Thousand and Thirty-leven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares, and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office for the Year 1800-i8ci, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Four Crore Forty-two Lacs Twenty Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, exclusive of Ceylon and the Revenues from Y01. 56.

Mysore, under the Heads of Mint of Coinage Du ties, Post Office Collectidns* Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of and the

Nizam* Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted* on the Average of Three Years* 1797-8 to 1799-1800, both inclusive, to the Sum of Forty-nine Lacs Twenty-two Thousand and Thirty-seven Pagodas,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the Company at

the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties* Post Office Colledions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, and the Nizam, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, which were estimated, for the Year 1799-1800, to amount to Sixty-two Lacs Sixty-eight Thoula/id Nine Hundred and Eighty-six Pagodas, amounted to Seventy Lacs Fifty-six Thousand Three Hundred and Forty-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committed, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Post Office, Civil, Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1799-1800, to amount to Sixty-eight Lacs Forty-eight Thousand and Seventy-seven ragodas* amounted to Seventy-eight Lacs Thirty-two Thousand Two Hundred and Ninety-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1800-1801, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to Eighty-one Lacs Eighty-two Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy-eight Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1800-1801, are estimated,-by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to the Sum of Ninety-three Lacs Seven Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-two Pagodas.,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, amounted, on an Average of Three Years,

1797-8 to 1799-1800, both inclusive, to the Sum of Thirty-three Lacs Forty-three Thousand Five Hundred and Twenty-three Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements lubordi-nate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1799-1800, to amount to Thirty-two Lacs Seventy-four Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-seven Rupees, amounted to Thirty-six Lacs Ninety-four Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1799-1800, to amount to One Crore Twenty-eight Lacs Ninety-three Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-five Rupees, amounted to One Crore- Thirty-two Lacs Ninety-one Thousand Two Hundred and Ninety-two Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, for the Year 18001801, are estimated, by the

A. 1801.

the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Twenty Lacs Seventy Thousand Eight Hundred and Eighty-seven Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the India Company at the Presidency of , and the Settle-

ments ftibordinate thereto, in the Year 1800-1801, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Ninety-three Lacs Forty-eight Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty-four Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, 1796-7 to

1798-9, both inclusive, to Twenty-two Thousand One Hundred and Fifty-six Dollars.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company at the several Settlements in amounted, on the 30th

Day of April 1800, to the Sum of Fourteen Crore Sixty-four Lacs Four Thousand and Eighteen Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Part of the aforesaid Debts, bearing Interest, amounted to Twelve Crore Thirty Lacs Fifteen Thousand Seven Hundred and One Current Rupees, and that the interest thereon amounted to One Crore Eight Lacs Twenty Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Value of Afiets in ,confiding of Cash in the Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, 8cc. and of Stores for Ule or Sale, amounted, on the 30th of 1800 (including Current Rupees Six Crore Ten Lacs Ninety-one Thousand Five Hundred and Seven, of Debts Rated to be owing to the Company there) to Eleven Crore Fifty-six Lacs Ninety-five Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-one Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Balance of Stock in Favour of the East India Company's Commerce in China, amounted, at the Conclusion of the Year 1799-1800, to the Sum of One Million Two Hundred and Twenty-six Thousand and Seventy-nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Three Hundred and Forty-seven Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds of Debts transferred from India) amounted, on iff Day of March 1801, to Five Millions Three Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand Nine Hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and afloat Outward, confiding of Annuities, Cash in the Treal'ury, Goods fold not paid for, Goods unfold, Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, on the ill Day of March 1801, to the Sum of Fifteen Millions Four Hundred and Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company's Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated, on an Average, to amount to Four Millions Nine Hundred and Eighty- eight Thousand Three Hundred Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1800-1801, to the Sum of Seven Millions Six Hundred and Two Thousand and Forty-one Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

HoHc Dciler* Ordered, That Leave b? given to bring in a Bill, for orderedf Bll!' ^rans^err*n§ ^1S Receipt and Management of the Duties or er* ‘ on Licences for tiling or exercising the Trade and Bufi-

ness of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred: And that Mr. Nicholas Fan-fittart, Mr. Bragge, and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Bill to com-authorize the issuing of Commissions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against l lis Majesty's Enemies, to and Excile, such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty as are order«i‘ or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of -Customs and Excise, and other Public Boards in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Hiley

Addington, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third AddifoiA Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ^XidTwii'h' An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Campbell with Amendments.

Edward Addifcnher now Husband, on Account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 5. To leave out " open" and inlert " inceftuous" instead thereof

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vado carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third C-imnMr* Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ^fcd^witi!' An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of an Arocud-Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, ment* Doctor of Physic, with JeJJ'y Campbell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the N,w Forr" 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Ma- jj 11 i'1 ordertJS. jesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation " of Timber in the New Forcfl, in the County of ampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said

" Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the " fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing the iaid Act: And that Mr NicholaVanfittart, Mr. Bragge, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. r

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Encoumge-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to B^h Fifte-consider of further encouraging the Fisheries on the m-s, to be Coasts of Great Britain. considered.

The

Commits on certain Ex- piring Laws, deferred.

Malta Trade Bill, passed.

Committee on Duties on Statues, &c.

Committee on National Debt Bill.

Bill to amend A£Vs respecting Land Tax Redemption, del erred.

Committee on Bill for Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty.

41 Geo. III. r6" — 17° Junii. 573

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Dominions in Eu-

rope; for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's

Streights-, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irifn Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for the more, effectual Encouragement of the British Fillieries; for making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in Neutral Ships;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (noiv ingrossed) for empowering His Majesty to regulate the Trade to and from the Island of Malta; and to declare that the same shall be considered as Part of Europe, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Me of Malta to be Part of Europe.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duty on Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble.

Mr. Spfeaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

more speedy and effectual kecovcry Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill for the better settling of Disputes Bill for between Masters and Workmen, and also between settling Dif. Matters and Mistresses of Families and menial and do- fXters^nT* meftic Servants, was read the Third Time. Servants,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to Plired' be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 4. After " any " to insert " Two."

I. 34. To leave out " Justice or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better settling of Disputes between Masters and Workmen, and also between Masters and Mistresses of Families and menial and domestic Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17°

Anno 41° Georgii III'" Regis, 1801.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to Mis Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be ifi'ued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to H is Majesty, by a Land Tax, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the . Vox.. 56.

Prayers.

MR. Annesley reported from the Committee, to cambridg.

whom the Bill for extinguishing the Rights of Common Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, ^sorted.1*1* called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint BotolpSaint Andrew the Great, Saint BenediEI, and Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been given for the said Bill in the following Manner:

Notice is hereby given to the Proprietors of Lands situate in the Parishes of Saint Andrew the Great and Saint Andrew the Less, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and to all other Persons whom it may concern, that, at the next Session of Parliament, a Petition will be presented to the Honourable House of Commons, for Leave to bring in a Bill, in order to obtain an Act of Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the said Parishes of Andrew the Great and Saint Andrew the Less, in the said Town of,

in the said County of Cambridge: But it appeared to the Committee, that, although there is a Difference between the Words of the said Notice, and the Title and Form of the said Bill, yet that the Parties concerned were all apprized of the present Application to Parliament, and are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

7 G found

Goold's If* tate Bill} read.

Lourh Inclosure Bill, reported.

Jervoift's Kitate BUI*

Te ported, and jutfed.

574

17° Junii. 1801.

found the same Vo be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ah ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Michael Gooldy Esquire, to charge certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins, Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was read the FirflTime.

Rwfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Mr. Annejley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that no Por-ibn appeared before the Committee in Support of the Petition of the Freeholders, Proprietors of Old inclosed Land, in the Pari ill of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, referred to their Consideration; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, having Right of Common of the Annual Value of £.465. 10 s. who rein fed to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Md-fuages, Cottages, and Toft Heads, having Right of Common of the Annual Value of £.177. 15s. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property inte-relied in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £.1,670. 12s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second "l ime. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jervoise Clarke jervoife reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddkfton Purejiy Jervoise, devised by the 'Will of Trfiram Hiullleston Jervoise, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refvlved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Jfervcije do carry the Bill to the %

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.3. 6 j. who refused. to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 13 s. 1 od. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Estates to be affected by the Bill amounts to £.170. 7s. 10^.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do report more fully the State of the Property of the Persons interested in the said Bill, as it appears to them, to the House.

A Meflcge from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the 6ill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Tap-house Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to the Combe Row House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End oi the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; and amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Convert to L/anruJl, at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, in.ituled. An Act

for

Trum pinion InclosureBiil, reported.

The Lord* have agreed to

Liflceard Hoads Bill.

Wrexham and Ruthin Road* Bill.

Leeds Church Bill.

Braunston Inclosure Bill.

4i Geo. III.

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com-nron Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Rutland-, without any Amendment: And also, .

Covington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act IndoTwc Bill. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon-, without any Amendment: And also,

Down Amp- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cW'un^BiH* for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the with Amend- Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Baents* Parishes of Dozun Ampney,\n the County of

and Latton and Eifey, in the County of Wilts; . with several Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hilton and An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclo.sing, ImSofure Bill, ^ie Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, paid. Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Hijlcn Saint Andrezv, and Hijion Saint Etheldred, and of

Impington, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Con> mon Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of ll'jlonSaint Andrew, and Saint Etheldred, and of

Impington, in the County of Cambridge. _ .

Ordered, That General do carry7 the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Lords

Amendments to Netdwood Forclt Inclo-Jure Bill, agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest or Chace cf Need mood, in the County of Stafford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet hj viz.

Pr.47.

Pr. 48.

1. 13. Leave.out from " Pools" to " be," in Line 23, and insert " in order " therefore to obviate such Doubts." 1. 23. Leave out " therefore."

I.38. After " less " insert "and also the " said Pool called Brich/ey Pool, containing Two Acres or thereabouts, " be the same more or less."

1. 39. After " fame" insert " respectively." 1. 2. Leave out " Pool" and inlert " Pools

" respectively."

1. 11. Leave out from " allotted" to the End of the Clause.

Pr. 81. 1. 38. Leave cut from " whatsoever" to " and, " in Prels 93. Line 25.

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill, had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That Mr. Nemboli do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Houi'c hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Bishop's Caf- An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term, and alter wmery k"w<j$ antl enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Bill, passed. 8th and 25th Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Caji/e, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and , and several other

Vol. 56.

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, and also, for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads, in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was read the Third Time, -:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-orve Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session < of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, patTcd in the Eighth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from, the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Wcjlbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike

Road, at Minder ley, in the several Counties of Salop,

Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and and also, for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads, in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Newbolt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Frimley ini the Waste Grounds, and Commons, or Commonable BlU* Lands, within the Manor of Frimle in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time. .; , ,....

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and Commons, or. Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ajli, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dunda do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Carew'sEstate for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, Bl11'redd' dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real. Estates, late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, Baronet, deceased, situate. in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trusts in such Indentures mentioned, for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and allure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew-, for enabling Richard Carew,

Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release, or Extinguifiunent, of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold,

Copyhold, and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and also, the enfranchising, or reducing to Imall Fines certain, the several Customary or Copyhold Estates holder} of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act winlka's Nat. for naturalizing Elizabeth Winjka, was read a Second BH1» commit-Time. ' ‘

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Bragge, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third sharpies and Reading of the ingrafted Bill for making and maintain- B°',ton ing a Road from The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's '1X1 e Public Hotje, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bollon-in the-Moors, to, or near to, Bundle Lane End,

otherwise

Paddington and Harrow Road Bill, pafl'ed.

Bill to amend HanwortJ},&c. IndoJure Act, passed.

otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Ley laud, all in the County Palatine of Laucaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that Lime shall not be exempted from Payment of Toll.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaringtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Clause in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at, or near to, The Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolt on-in the-Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at, or near to, Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leyland all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill,in the County of

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill,in the County of

Ordered, 1'hat Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to alter and amend lb much of an Act, passed in the said Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and " inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, " and Pattures, and other Commonable Lands and " Grounds, and all'o, the Walls Lands and Grounds, " within the several Parishesof Fellham, and

" Sunbury,in the County of Midd/efex," as authorizes

and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Couotel be now called in;

It pa 1 fed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refcived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act,

passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and " inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

" and Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and " Grounds, and also, the Waste Lands and Grounds,

" within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Fellham, and " Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex," as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to as Lord of

the said Manor.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 45. 1. 26. To leave out from " Parish" to" as," in Line 47.

Pr. 70. 1. 26. To leave out " his," and insert " and " Sarah Grace, their respective," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Calvert, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the Healing, taking away, or maliciously pulling up or destroying of Fruit, Roots, Herbs, and Vegetables, growing or being in any Garden, Lands, or Grounds, open or inclosed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Lushington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Public Notaries, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be fuiticient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt on the ill of February 1793, was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,550, of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the actual Amount of the Debt, on the ill of February 1793, to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £. 1,293,670; and that, on the ill of February 1801, Stock, to the Amount of£. 36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock, to the Amount of £.16,083,802, had been transferred to

them

Saint Ives Inclosure Bill, paired.

Bill to prevent ftcaling from Gardens, &c. presented.

Notaries Bill, reported.

Debate on

Motion respecting the Public Debt, &c. adjourned.

Irish Elections, &c. Bill, »-committed.

onfidered.

Committee on

Salaries, &c. to Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts.

Committee on Duties on . Irish Abfcn-tses.

41 Geo. III. 17° Junii.

577

them on Account of Land Tax Redeemed, and Annuities, to the Amount of £. 123,477, had fallen in, reducing, on the 1 ft of February 1801, the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War to £.186,047,884, and the Annuities to £. 1,250,073.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that leveral1 other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Thursda Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Bounties on present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ^intTire-1* " granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of land from Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of America, to " Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour e C°n ue ' " and Rice," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Bounties on Flour, and Indian Corn or Maize, imported from America.

The House was moved, That the Twenty-third of IrifU Militi* the Resolutions which, upon the 17th Day of February or*

last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four " Ttioufand Four Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds and " Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for dcfraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in " that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain " and Ireland, called Ireland, from the 1 ft Day of January 1801 to the 24th Day of December following,

" both inclusive, being Three hundred and Fifty-eight " Days."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for the Year 1801: And that Mr,

Corry and Mr. Abbot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Salaries to be paid to the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies and America; and to consider of Allowances to be granted, in certain Cafes, to Persons who have held the Office of Judges in the said Courts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bimgge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of " the lull Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to His Majesty," as relates to the Duties On Absentees, be now reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Dublin So-Reading of the Bill for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Society, 1

and to the Farming Societies in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vavftttart presented to the House, ac- conlbli.uted cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund ?e c of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Itself Treaty of into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between His Ma- tobecon-jesty and the United States of America. liuered.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of providing Accommodations for the judges in ire-Judges in fuefy Cities and Towns in Ireland, in which

7 H Assizes

Vote of Credit Bill,prdented.

Report on Importation of British Hops into Ireland.

Petition of Mr. Jones to be included in Insolvent Debtors Bill.

Exchequer Bills Bill (fr, 500,000) f relented.

Assizes and Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations are not already sufficiently provided, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Expence of providing Accommodations for the Judges of Ireland on their Circuits, in Places where such Accommodations arc not already sufficiently provided,' shall be paid by the Sheriff, and allowed to him in passing his Account, not exceeding a Suni to be limited.

The laid "Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Carry, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas p'anfittartpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of continuing an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " allowing, Until the Twentieth Day of Aug aft One " thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation " into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops, at a like " Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame," lo far as relates to the Duties payable on the Importation of British Hops into Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lo much of the said Act as relates to the Duties payable on the Importation of British Hops into Ireland, which was to continue in Force until the aoth Day of August 1801, should be further continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Carry, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Jones, a Prisoner confined for Debt in the Sheriff's Prison of the City of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to include his Name specially therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on ' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rer ferred to consider of the Duty on Statues; Wrought Stone* and Marble, the liefolutions which the Com-ihittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable on Statues, Wrought Stone, and Wrought Marble, imported into Great Britain, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Wrought Marble, imported into Great Britain.

The said liefolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nicholas fttart, and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Order, irish Sugar a Bill for regulating, for a Time to be limited, the Al- Drawback Iowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland et]. 'prC CI>' of Brit if) Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time tl:is Day.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Exchequer cording to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Bills Bill Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the National Debt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bl11' reported, granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of , to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Newfound-cording to Order, a Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of certain Fifti from ca.'prcen

foundiand and the Coast of Labrador; and for granting

a Bounty

topper Trade Bill* reported*

feill to commission Vessels tinder Customs and Ex-cife, present-d.

buties on Rum imported intoIreland, to be considered.

Horse Dealers Transfer Bill, prciented.

Bill for fccur-ing Copyright, passed.

41 Geo. III.

579

a Bounty thereon: And the fatiie was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, repotted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering the Laws now in Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation, and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendr merits which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill liiall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill to authorize the ifl'uing of Commissions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Culloms and Excise, and other Public Boards, in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Rum into Ireland, and for permitting the Bonding of the fame, for a Time to be limited, under certain Regulations.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for Relief to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to protect and relieve, under certain Pro- ferred.' visions and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-residence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms, be now read.

And the said Ofder being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways, and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to de*

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the cne '

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

.The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of Tea to - Ireland, de-land, without Payfnent of any Duty, under certain Re- ferred-strictions;

Resolved, That this House will; this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee!

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, spirits made to consider of the Duties payable on Spirits made in, in Ireland, and imported from, Ireland; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee!

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

Committee on Printers Indemnity Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Addition?.! Report from the Committee of the whole House, to bin'Id^oiTcd. whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional ' .

Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hair Powder Reading of the ingrossed Bill, for transferring the Receipt g^I^,or,al and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for Transfer Bll), wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from deferred* the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respeeft to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ®'!|, for Reading of the Bill for consoli dating, in One Act, certain provtr'oifs'in Provisions usually inserted in Acts oflnclosure, and Aftsofincio-

1 jor lure, deferred.

by

o

Committee on Excifo Regulation Bill.

Inll ruction.

Committee

Oil Encouragement of Bntilli Fi faerie*.

Instruclion.

Account referred.

17° — 18° Junii.

A- 1801

for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadts usually required on the passing of such Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better'Regulation and Collection ot certain Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bil!,pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to the Salt Duties, and the Means of remedying the Inconveniencies arising therefrom; and were then, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Then the House resolved itielf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brugge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of further encouraging the Fisheries on the Coasts of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth " Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and " One, the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of " Fish in Bulk, or in Barrels; for proteding Persons, " engaged in such Fisheries, from being impressed into " His Majesty's Service; for discontinuing the Bounty " payable on White Herrings exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether " exported or fold for Home Consumption," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum " of Money, b)» Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred " and One; and for appropriating the Supplies granted " in this Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the first-mentioned Act, and of so much of the last mentioned Act, as relates to the Sum thereby granted for laying in Stores of Herrings, and other Fish, at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for I lie Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings and other Fish, at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom, has been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itielf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hragge took the Ciiair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe;for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; for granting a Bounty Upon certain

Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; for making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. B> a?<re took the Chair of the Committee.

oCj %

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House,. to whom the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better securir.g to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of " Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons;" and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, was committed, be taken into further Consideration this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° d Junii j

Anno 41* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1801. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manors of Kinnerjley and HurJIey, and in the Parishes of Kinnerjley and Lower Letton, in the County of Herejord, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A<fl for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Kinnerjley, in the County of Herejord.

Ordered, That Mr. Biddu/ph do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common

Meadows,

Committee OA certain Ex- . piling Laws*

Constables Expences Bill, deferred.

Kinflerfley; Seem Inclosure Bill, passed.

T rumpiftgton

Inclosure recommitted Bill, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

lrl(h Members Places Bill.

Bankers Notes BUI.

Hadstock Inclosure Bill.

Con 1 ton Tn yoiure Bill.

North Frod-inrham In-cWure Bill.

Mr. ICcmcys' Bill.

41. Geo. III. tV Jun581

Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Cambridge, was re-committed; and who were instruCled to report more fully the State of the Property of the Persons interested in the said Bill, as it appeared to them, to the House; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.3. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 13J. 10^. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at £.170. js. iod.)-, and that the Committee had made

several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'cd.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also, for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of , shall be inca-

pable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Bufinds of Bankers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and incloting, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadfock,in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of,

in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to tire Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Township of North ingham, in the Parish of North in the

East Riding of the County of York and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, pafi'ed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain " what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on " the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, " Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable " Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Vol. 56.

" Lords Commissioners that it will bC necessary to " resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby " to His Majesty;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords for empowering certain Trustees therein named to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur £state B;u, Annejley, of Bletchington Park, in the County of Oxford,

Esquire, and Thomas \Bradford, of A/hdown Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annejley, situate in the County of York, discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annejley, of Bletchington, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annejley, late of Lincoln's-Inn Fields, Esquire, deceased; and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate. in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled, to the same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annejley, of Bletchington, in the said County of Oxford, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to Fitzgenld'j whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald, paired. Esquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinn, situate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for railing, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off Incumbrances, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-.ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom winika'sKu, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ed'

for naturalizing Elizabeth IVinJka,was committed; That the Commitree had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, watering, Stony Strat-lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, ^*'1. and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in

Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham-, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway, from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto; and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calverton and Woolverton,in the said County of Buckingham, for defraying the Expence of the said Improvements, was read the Third Time.

7 I Resolved,

A. i8ox«

Voices to Committee on Eve it on, Scaftworth, &c.

Drainage Bill.

Report on Encouragement of British Fish-nries.

Report on

certain Expiring Laws.

582 18

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also, for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway, from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouf, in or near thereto; and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise forfeiting certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calverton and

Woolverton, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an A^t, pafi'cd in the 36th Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth,

Gringley-on-the-Hill \Mifterton, and in the County of Nottingham,is committed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of further encouraging the Fisheries on the Coasts of Great Britain, and who were in-strufted to consider of certain Acts, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating thereto, the llefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt,

" Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in " Barrels; for protecting Persons engaged in such " Fisheries from being impressed into His Majesty's " Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on " White Herrings exported, and for allowing a Bounty " on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold " for Home Consumption," should be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury be enabled to apply the Surplus of the Monies granted in the last Session of Parliament for the Purchase of Stores of Herrings, towards further encouraging the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nicholas -fittart, and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Sees and Davis's

Streights-, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of 9

Britishand bifhLinens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; for making the Port of John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; and for permitting the Importation of Goods from America in NeutralShips, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to amend, and render more effectual, the several " Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries " carried on at Nezvf0 tend I and, and Parts adjacent, from " Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in " Europe; and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, " on certain Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of-Ten Years, from the ift Day of January 1787; and which was revived, and further continued by three Acts, made in the 37th, 39th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the ift Day of January 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries " carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's tc Streights," which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1786; and also, so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further " encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greetiland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the " Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Streights," which, by an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued, until the 25th Day of December 1798; and which were, by Three other Acts, made in the 38th, 39th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species " of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off " the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen " Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was by Two other Acts, of the 10th and 19th Years of the Reign, of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 17S6, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to revive and " continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend " an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the " more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; " and to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the " Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coast of this Kingdom," which was amended and continued by an Act, of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present

present Majesty, until the 5th Day of April 1801, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the fVeJi Indies; and for amending so " much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the u Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting " the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda *c Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, " madeintheTwenty-eighthandThirty-firstYearsofHis present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation " of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony " or Plantation in the IVefl Indies or South America; " and so much of the said Act, made in the Twentyeighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohi- bits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, " into Nova Scotia or NewBrunswick, from any Country

" belonging to the United States of ," as

respects the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, which was to continue in Force until the 10th Day of July 17975 and which was, by an Act made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the 10th Day of July 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodiries from Countries in America, belonging to any *c Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral " Ships, until the 29th Day of September 1801," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for *c making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines " for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possession at a certain Time, upon which the Duties " on Importation have been paid, and for amending " several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any fiuch Spirits to be, which was to continue in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788; and which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued until the ill Day of June iSot, is expired, and fit to be revived, and made perpetual.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House-.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr Air.

cholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hilcy Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of lo much ot an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thouiimd Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts " of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for " granting Duties to His Majesty," as relates to the Duties on Absentees, the llefolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 56.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty of Four Shillings out of every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value of any Salary, Profits of Employment, Fees, or Pension, in Ireland, payable by any Person who shall not actually reside within Ireland for the Space of Six Calendar Months, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge and Mr. Cony, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Recover}' Debts due to of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Hls in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the lame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-, port, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Adorning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on s*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- to

ferred to consider of proper Salaries to be paid to the vice Admi-Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the raty Court*.

Indies and America, and to consider of Allowances to be granted, in certain Cafes, to Persons who have held the Office of Judges in the said Courts, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund, to any Person who shall hold the Office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court, in any Two of the Islands in the West Indies, or at Halifax, in America, such Annual Salary, not exceeding Two Thousand Pounds, as His Majesty llull think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty be enabled to grant, under certain Restrictions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to any Person who shall have held any such Office, such Annual Salary, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, as His Majesty shall think proper.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com- Instruaio*. mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hair Powder Reading of the ingrossed Bill for transferring the Bearing?0 Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certi- Transfer Bill, ficates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bear- Tiunl

ings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And

A. 1801.

Order read for Third Reading of Inlol-vent Debtors Bill.

Petitions relating the rtto.

Graham.

Montgo*

inery.

Cdhil.

Armstrong.

Bill read the Third Time.

18° Junii.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And l'everal Amendments being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Beading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors;

A Petition of Edward Graham, late of the City of Dublin, Innkeeper, now a Prisoner confined for Debt in the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Praying that he may not be, by Name, specially excluded from the Benefit of the Act.

A Petition of John Montgomery, Gentleman: And all'o,

A Petition of Edward Caa Prisoner for Debt in the Sheriff's Pril'on of the City of Dublin: And also,

A Petition of Swift Armstrong, now confined for. Debt in the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin;

Were also i'everally presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Praying the House to take their several Cafes into Consideration, and specially to include their Names in the said Bill, as proper Persons to obtain the Relief thereby intended.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing certain Persons, who were in Custody on the ill of March 1801, to take the Benefit of the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided also, and be it further " Enacted, That it shall be lawful " for any Person or Persons, who, " on the said First Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and " One, was or were charged in " any Pril'on or Gaol, or in Custody " of any Keeper or Gaoler of any " Prison or Gaol, for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, " or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum hereinbefore mentioned, and who shall have been " discharged by any Creditor or Creditors without the Consent of " such Debtor after the said First " Day of , and before the

" passing of this Act, nevertheless " to take the Benefit thereof, and " he, she, or they, shall be entitled " to all the Benefits of this Act, in " like Manner as if he, she, or they, " were in Custody at the Time of " the passing of this Act, provided " that any such Person shall present " a Petition for that Purpose, to " the Justices of the Peace at any " next General or Quarter Sessions " oranySpecialoradjournedSession, " of the Peace, and l'urrender himself, or herself, at l'uch Sessions, " and shall give Notice of such " Surrender in the London or Dublin. " Gazette, as the same may require, in like Manner and Form " as is prescribed by this Act for " Notices by Persons intending to " take the Benefit of this Act, as

" far as the Form in the said Act " contained is applicable to such " Person."

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Relief of Persons who had been committed before the 1 ft of March 1801, and who had been discharged, and arrested subsequent thereto, by the same Plaintiff*; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That if any Person " shall have been, or fir all be committed to any Gaol or Prison, or " to the Custody of any Keeper or " Keepers, or Gaoler or Gaolers of " any Gaol or Prison respectively,

" at any Time before the passing of " this Act for any Debt or Debts, or " SumorSums of Money, for which " he or she shall have been impri foned " at any Time before the said First " Day of March One thousand " Eight hundred and One, and at " the Suit of the same Plaintiff, then and in such same every such " Person shall be entitled to all the " Benefits of this Act, and be " deemed and construed to be " within all and every the Provisions thereof, in like Manner, in " every Respect, as if he or (lie had " been charged in any Prison or " Gaol, and was actually imprisoned, or in Custody, on the said " First Day of March One thousand " Eight hundred and One, any " Thing herein contained to the " contrary thereof notwithstanding."

The said Clause being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " said First Day of March'' and inserting the Words " First Day of ,"

instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " said " First Day of March," (land Part of the said Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for extending Relief to Bankrupts who have conformed themselves to the Bankrupt Laws, but have not obtained their Certificates.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

" And whereas many Bankrupts, having in all Respects strictly conformed themselves to the Directions of the Bankrupt Laws, have, " notwithstanding, been unable to " obtain their Certificates, and " have on that Account been discouraged from exerting their In-u duftry in thepurfuit of their several " Occupations, either living in the " moll unhappy and distressed Si-/ " tuation at Home, or seeking

" Relief in Foreign Countries, " where they can earn and secure to " themselves the Profit of an industrious Application to Business, some of whom have carried " with them the Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce of this " Country, to the great Prejudice

" thereof;

4i Geo. IIL

18° Junii.

585

VOL. 56.

thereof; and whereas some Relief, given in such particular Cafes,

might prevent the Evils arising " to the Public, and be an Encouragement for such Individuals to follow their different " Occupations at Home; Be it " Enacted, That any Person or " Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been " awarded and issued, on or before " the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and " One, arid who hath or have in " all Things conformed to the several Acts now in Force concerning Bankrupts, by his, her, " or their Surrender or Submission " thereto, and who shall not have " been committed for any Act of " Contumacy or Non-conformity, " yet who hath not or have not " gained a Total Discharge from " his or their Creditors of his, her, " or their Debts, arising or accru-a ing previous to such Commission " for'want of their Certificate, shall " have Liberty, after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months " from the Day of the Date of " every such Commission respectively, to petition, or to apply by " Motion of Court to the Lord " Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Tirne " being, setting forth the true Circumstance of the same relative " to such Commission and Certificate; and the Lord Chancellor, " Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have " Power and Authority to direct " and order the acting Commissioners in the respective Com-" millions named, to certify to the " said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, the " Conformity or Non-conformity " of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, " and such other Matter as to them " shall fcem necessary, concerning " the same (the said acting Commissioners being hereby authorized and required fotodo) and - " the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners as " aforesaid, shall thereupon have " Power and Authority, if he or " they shall so think lit, to direct " and order an Advertisement to " be inserted in The London Gazette, for the Allowance of such Bankrupt's Certificate (although the " same shall not appear to have " been ligned or consented to by " Four-fifths in Number and Value of the said Bankrupt's Creditors, agreeable to the Laws now " in being) in the same Manner " and Form, as if the said Cer* " tificate had been ligned as " aforesaid; and in case no sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the contrary, within the Time " limited by the said Advertisement, " the said Lord Chancellor, Lord

*« Keeper, or Lords Commffioners " as aforesaid, shall have Power " and Authority to allow such Bankrupt's Certificate, in the like " Manner as if the same had been " signed agreeable to the Laws now " in being, and grant or make such " other Order thereupon for the " Relief or Discharge of such " Bankrupt or Bankrupts from his " or their Debts as aforesaid, or " otherwise, as to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords " Commissioners, shall seem proper,

" which Certificate, if so allowed,

" shall be asffull and effectual, to all " Intents 4nd Purposes, as if the " same had been duly obtained and " allowed, agreeable to the Directions of the several Laws now in " Force concerning Bankrupts, any " Law or Usage to the contrary " notwithstanding."

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Creditors to have the same Remedies, in certain Cafes, as are provided by the Act of the 3ad Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

And the said Clause was Once read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 35. After " effect," to insert according " to the special Circumstances, lo " far as the same shall be confident " with the Provisions herein after " contained."

And the said Amendment, was, upon the Quedion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wih E>c-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, .

to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Trial ' *err* of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland-, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee of cn(hl>ies__ the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the funhercon- ' Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign fidered. of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the better securing to Constables, and " others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol,

" and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound " to give Evidence against Felons and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to

7 K. by

A. 1801,

by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Debtor*Relief An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Bill, paired. Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Additional Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

stamp Duties the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill and're-com-' for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on mined. Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

RefoJved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole. House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

ComnitiM Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House nDubii* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Society Bill. Opon the gjj for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fiouiuie, on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ported mto to c°nfider of so much of an Act, made in this present

lreUn-l from Seffon of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting America. «« Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, " Bariev, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, " Hye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and " Rice," as relates to the Bounties on Flour, and Indian Corn or Maize, imported from America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House reloived itself into the said Committee.

.Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Rum into Ireland, and of permitting the Bonding of the fame, for a Time to be limited, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating, for a Time to be limited, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from;

and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of lea to Ireland, without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Brodrick presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Memorial of certain Merchants and Agents in London, delivered to the Commissioners for the Affairs

o& India, dated 8th June oi, concerning the Trade

between

Committee on Treaty of Commerce with America.

Committee on Duties on Rum imported into Ireland.

Irift Sugar Drawback Bill, committed.

Committee on Bill for Exportation of Tea to Ireland.

Papers relative to the Trade between India and Europe, presentod.

41 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

587

»Cl

ere?

between India and Europe; together with the Papers accompanying the fame.

And the Title of the said Memorial was read.

Ordered, That the said Memorial and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Memorial and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficierit for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Memorial and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

irish Militia Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, femed!*1'prC" a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

tefci

D

Printers in- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the reported.B>11' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or difperled, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, from ail Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the ' Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to jeport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Bill for im- Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Or-portation of der, a 3ill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so Mto'jJehmT much of an Act, made in the present Session of Parlia-preiemed. ' ruent, as permits British Hops to be imported into

land, at a low Rate of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Account of Mr. Nicholas Vanfttlart presented to the House, purse01^ Pen- suant to their Address to His Majesty, fentcrfpre' An Account of all Pensions charged upon His Majesty's Civil Establishment for Scotland, Specifying the Times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are, or may be, payable.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

irish judee* Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Or-Accommoda- der, a Bill for providing Accommodations in Assize presented! Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Excise Regu-the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Exemption of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Goods fequef-consider of exempting certain Goods lately under Se- j^afrom questration in the Ports of Russia, from the Auction AufHon Duty, on the First Sale thereof. SnKdT

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second I".?1rf‘ Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Ma- ' *erre jesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hi ley Addington, according to Order, reported Bill to amend from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Period of Preference granted, and' Redemption/ continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Per- reP°««i* fons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ihe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Deeds to be inrolled, within a limited Time, after passing the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tQ by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ia-grofled.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Consolidated Money out or the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain committed, and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of vote of Credit Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

A Bill

i_.

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£.6,500,000) committed.

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£.3,000,000) committed.

National Debt Bill, paiLed.

Newfoundland, &c. Fish Bill, committed.

Copper Trade Bill, pa/Tcd.

Bid to commilBon Vesseli under Customs and Ex-Cife, coin-mtttd.

588 180 — 19

A Bill for raising the Surp of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill (now ingossed) for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill (now ingossed) for altering the Laws now in Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering the Laws now in Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof. t

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to authorize the issuing of Commissions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excite, and other Public Boards, in this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed.

' Junii. 1801.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

A Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Bufinel's of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed td a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for coDfolidating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several F.ifts usually required on the passing of such Acts, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony IVittekind, and Henry Werner, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 190 Junii;

Anno 410 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

MR. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of , in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de*-livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Charles Diotdas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, c and

Horse Dealen

Transfer

committed.

Bill for coar-folidating the Provisions m Acts of Inclosuri^ committed.

Wittekind and WernerTt Nat. Bill, read.

Lit tie Bytham, &c. Inclosure Bill, reported.

Letcomb Regis Inclosure Bill, reported»

Little Abing-ton Inclosure Bill, feported.

Cara bridge Common Rights Bill, passed.

41 Geo. III. 190 Juhii. 589

and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, > Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Township o i LetcombRegis, and in the An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Anneflry* Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, for empowering certain Trustees therein named to carry ^j'e 8,1 in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annejley, called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and Challow of Bletchington Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the and 'Thomas Bradford, of Park, in the County

laid Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Let- of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of comb Bajfett, in the same County; was committed; That the said Arthur Annejley, situate in the County of York, the Committee had examined, and found that the discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In- Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies toarile closure, had been complied with; and that the Com- from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- Annejley, of Bletchington, and his IlTue Male, are en-cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- titled under the Will of Arthur Annejley, late of Lincoln's fad ion of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Inn Fields, Esquire; deceased, and other Part thereof in 14 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Ox-aiio, except the Proprietors of 85 Acres, who declared ford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the themselves neuter; and that the Whole Quantity of same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited con-Land to be divided by the Bill amounts to 2,710 cerning the settled Estates of the load Arthur Annejley,

Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Com- of Bletchin the said County Oxford, and for mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee other Purposes, was read the First Time, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, inents thereunto, which they had directed him to report.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the Petition of afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, County of , whose Names are thereunder-

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were written, was presented to the House, and read; Taking tlril'Wt-6* Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Notice of the Bill for altering and amending an Act, worth, &c. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His Majesty Dr"na*e' . upon, were agreed to by the House. King George the Third, for the more effectually em-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be banking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain ingrafted. Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gring/ey-General Adeanereported from the Committee, to on the-Hi/l, Mifterton, and Walkeringham, in the County

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and of Nottingham; and Setting forth. That the same con-laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Com- tains certain Clauses and Provisions which will, if carried mon Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, into Effect, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little several other Persons: And therefore praying, That they Abington, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel,

That the Committee had examined, and found that the against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them;

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo- and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee the Petitioners may have such further Relief, as to the had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the House shall seem meet.

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by to the Land Tax at £.93. who refuted to sign the Bill; themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. interested in the inclosure is affected to the Land Tax Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com1 at £. 596; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the

mittee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Petition, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Little W«e-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, doling, the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and dofure^ Bill'

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Waste Grounds,in Little IVeeton and within paired. *

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, the Township of Little in the Parish of Row-

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put ley, in the East Riding of the County of York', and for

thereupon, were agreed to by the House. making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Ripling-

ingrossed. ham, and in the same Township, Parish, add

Riding, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Bill for extinguishing the Rights of The Amendment' following was proposed to be Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, made to the Bill; viz.

called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in Pr. 62. 1. 30. To leave Out from the beginning of the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the the Line to "And " in Pr. 66. 1. 20.

Great, Saint Benedict, and Saint Mary the Lej's, in the And the said Amendment was, upon the Question Town of Cambridge, was read the Third Time. put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title was amended at the Table accordingly,

be. An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlebe, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called Saint An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint in Little Weeton and within the Township of

Benedict, and Saint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge. Little felon, in the Parish of Rowley, in the EastRiding Vol. 56. 7 L of

Peeping Crow land, See Drainage and Inclosure Bill, reported.

Louth Inclo-fare Bill, failed.

Pftil's Nat. Bill, committed.

fthnt Ililds Cha pel ry Bill, reported, find pilled.

of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weelon, and

in the same Township, Parish, and Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Morritl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deeping, Crowland, Langtoft, Pinchbeck,

and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kejleven and

Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and also, for draining certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the

North Bank of the River , and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland; and also, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore paired, for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Moll noble John Henry Duke of Rutland, and the Right honourable Charles Lord Romney, and the humble Petition of Edward Horne, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands called Free Lands, lituate in Deeping Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 46! Houses and Tofts, and 3,104 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 57 Houses and Tofts, and 3,443 Acres of Land, who were neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of 7 Houses and Tofts, and 292 Acres of Land, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Drainage and Inclosure consists of 1,584! Houses and Tofts, and 38,119 Acres and 2 Roods of Land); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill fot dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John William P/eil, 'was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Hi/ds, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County of Durham, to grant a 2

1801,

Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground, lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Court, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robfcn, Mr. Jones, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robson, Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Havre, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Courtenay, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Haring, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robson, Mr. Nicholls, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, {leaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bailiwick, in the County of Somerset; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police' there; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Baiket Men and Balket Women, within the said Parish of Bat/nvick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, {leaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bathwic'k, in the County of Somerset; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Em croachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Robson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Morritt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from dike Beck Mouth to

" the Clough, on the East Corner of Fisholme, and for " extending the said Navigation'-from the said Clough " into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East

" Riding

Court's Nat. Bill, committed.

Suthmier's Nat. Bill, conun itted.

Harre's Nat. Bill, committed*

Haring's Nat. Bill, committed.

Bathwick Paving, &o» Bill, passed.

Hull River Navigation Bill, reported.

.41 Geo. III. 10° Junii. 591

Riding of the County of ;" and to extend and improve the said Navigation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have afiented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. *

Ramsgate The House being informed that Mr. Pritz/er, Secre-ctmnt'.p're-^* }&TV to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended fented/ at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Ramsgate Harbour Trust Account, from the 24th June 1799 to the 24th June " 1800."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Conflabie* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Exptnces Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to extend the Powers p "* of an Act:, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An *c Act for the better securing to Constables, and others, " the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and " for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felonsand for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons;" and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into farther cwj11, ^urt:^er Consideration the Report which was made from iidered.C°n* the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Public Notaries, was committed, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted,

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Waters t*. ' Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to indemnify all 1 *

Persons who have printed, publillied, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by lleafon of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, or other Public Authorities,from all Penalties incurred by Reaiba of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Read- Bill to amend ing of the Bill (now ingrossed)for extending the Period of ^^ i^mt^Xa* Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Redemption, Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of paired, the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafst And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Dublin $0* Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred commerce to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between with America. His Majesty and the United States of America, the Refo lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That it is expedient to permit any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce or Manuf acture of the United States of America, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, to be imported into Ireland directly from any of the Territories of the said United States, in Ships of the Built of the United Kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in Ships built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or in Ships taken by any Vessels be* longing to the Government or Inhabitants thereof, and condemned there as lawful Prize, and owned by the Subjects of the said States, and whereof the Master

9° yu

A, 1801.

5 9*

and Three-fourths of the Mariners are Subjects of the said States.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being prohibited, which (half be imported into Ireland from the said States, either in Ships of the Built of the United Kingdom, or of the said United States, to be entered and landed, upon Payment bf such Duties of Customs and Excise as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Ireland in any such Ships respectively from any other Foreign Country; and where different Duties are imposed upon the Importation of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from different Foreign Countries, then Upon Payment of the lowest Duties now payable on the Importation in Ships of the Built of the United Kingdom of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Foreign Country now in Amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pitch, Tar, Tobacco, Turpentine, Rosin, Pot Ash, Pearl Ash, Mahogany, Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the said States, and all Staves, and ' unmanufactured Goods and Merchandize, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, being the Growth or Production of the said States, to be imported into Ireland, in Ships of the Built of the United Kingdom, or of the said United States, on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise as are payable on the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon their Importation into Iceland, in Ships of the Built of the United Kingdom, from any British I Hand or Plantation in.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Importation into Ireland from the United States of Ameriea of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, and Maize, the Duties to be paid thereon shall be regulated according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, specified according to an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 31st Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Oil, made from Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United States, to be imported into Ireland from the said States, in Ships of the Built of the United Kingdom, or of the said United States, on Payment of such Duties of Customs as are payable on the like Articles, upon their Importation into Ireland, in Ships of the United Kingdom, from Countries not under the Dominion of His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of the said United States, be permitted to be imported into Ireland in Ships of the United Kingdom, or in American Ships, upon Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco imported by British Subjects from any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall be subject to; and that Snuff, being the Production and Manufacture of any of the said Territories, be permitted to be imported into Ireland upon Payment of the like Duties as Snuff, the Production or Manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, shall be lubject to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rice, the Produce of the said United States, be permitted to be landed and warehoused in Ireland, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it isexpedient that Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported from the said State* into An shall, upon'

the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country, be entitled to the same Drawbacks as shall be allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Denomination, when exported from Ireland to any Foreign Country; and that the like Bounties and Drawbacks be allowed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Territories of the said States, as shall be allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Denomination, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, that the like Drawbacks be allowed upon the Exportation from Ireland of Foreign Hemp or Foreign Iron, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to the Territories of the said States, as shall be allowed upon the Exportation of the like Sort of Hemp or Iron to other Foreign Parts.

The said llefolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge and Mr. Ccrry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, " Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, " Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and " Rice," as relates to the Bounties on Flour, and Indian Com or Maize, imported from America, the llefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That, instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act on Superfine Wheaten Flour, imported into Ireland from America, there be given on ever}' Barrel of Superfine Wheaten Flour, of One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Ireland in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 12th Day of November 1800 and the 10th Day of January 1801, and shall be sold by public Sale by Auction, within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Eighty Shillings Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act on Fine Wheaten Flour imported into Ireland from there be given on every Barrel of Fine Wheaten Flour, of One hundred and Ninety Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Ireland, in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 12th Day of November 1800 and the 10th Day of January 1801, and shall be sold by public Sale by Auction. within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Seventy-eight Shillings Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act'on Superfine Wheaten Flour imported into Ireland from America, there be given on every Barrel of Superfine Wheaten Flour, of One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Ireland in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America, between the 10th Day of January 1801 and t lie 25th Day of March 1801, and shall be sold by public Sale

by Auction, within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of

each

Report on Bounties on Corn import, ed into Ireland from America.

The Lords have agreed to

Irish Stamp Duties Bill*

Exeter Navigation Bill.

Scarborough Harbour Bill

Horsley and Dudbridge Roads Bill.

Dunstable Roads Bill.

41 Geo. III. 190 JuniL

593

each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Ninety Shillings Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act on Fine Wlieatcn Flour imported into Ireland from America, there be given on every Barrel of Fine Wheaten Flour which shall be imported into Ireland in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in between the 1 oth Day of January 1801 and the 25th Day of March 1801, and shall be sold by public Sale by Au61 ion within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Eighty-eight Shillings Steriing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act on Indian Corn or Maize imported into Ireland, there be given on every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize which shall be imported into Ireland, and shall be hold by public Sale by Auction, pursuant to the said Act, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Quarter of such Indian Corn or Maize so fold shall be less than Fifty-five Shillings Sterling.

The said Resolutions being l'evcrally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Me(lage from the Lords, by Mr. Sgranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting unto His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland holding obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy, as shall be necessary for that Purpose; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duties, and altering the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His pre-l'ent Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from ‘Tiltups Inn, in the Pari I h of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Circnee ster to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at in

the Parish of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester; and for altering some Parts of the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, Vol. 56.

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shnjj'ord in the County of Hertford-, without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stoekbridge to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, te^Rwds'BUk of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of and from the said City through Be/lmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said'County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and

County of the Town of Southampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hurdlow for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Roads Bill. Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

" widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road " from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County " of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of to

" Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the " Road (rom Herneftone Lane Head, and from Sparrow " Pit Gate, through Chapel-en-le-Frith, all in the said " County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at " Whaley, in the said County of Chester ft-' and for

making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith aforesaid, to Fairfield, near Buxton aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hartford for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Roads Two several Acts, made respectively in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfteet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have for making, wideni Old Bridge, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Townships of Stockport,

Offerton, and Marple, to or near Marple Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, in the Town ship of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills, to or near Thornfet Gate, both in the County of Derby; and another Branch from or near Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road, in the Township of Disley, in the said County of Chester-, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Burfledon to enable the Company of Proprietors of Bridge aiif.56'&C*

and Roads to raile a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Denchworth for dividing, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, inclosure Bl11-Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- fure Bill^ mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Walles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Essex-, without any Amendment: Andalfo,

7 M The

agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stockport and ng, and repairing, the Road from the

Little Chef terfjrd Indo-lure Bill.

Kufton Parvi inclosure Bill.

Langtcft In-

ciolure Bill.

utton Courtney inclosure Bill.

Lavfndon>&c< inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

I.i lb! vent Debtor* Bill, pallet

Fish Bounties Bill, preieut-«d.

Report on Duties on Rum imported into Ireland-

594 190 Junii, A. 1801,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pailures, Waflcs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

Little Chesterford, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of

Parva, otherwise Little Rufion,in the East Riding of the County of Tmk-, without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pailures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of in the Pari fir of Lang toft upon the Voids, in the Fail Riding of the County of Tank; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing,. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pailures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton , and the Hamlet of Sutton IVick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks ;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pailures, Commonable Lands, and Walle Grounds, within the Parishes of and

Brayfield^otherwise Cold Brin the County of

Buckingham;with several Amendments; to which. Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be further adjourned till Monday Morning next;

It pahed in the Negative.

Then the House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of confined Debtors who may be insolvent," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Tierney do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships, '

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-ntorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of 8

Rum into Ireland, and of permitting the Bonding of the fame, for a Time to be limited, under certain Regulations, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

o o

empower, fora lime to be limited, the Importers or Proprietors of Rum, or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same in Ireland before Payment of the Duties, and to permit the same to be Bonded, under certain Regulations.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower, for a Time to be limited, the Importers or Proprietors of Rum, or Spirits, of the Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland before Payment of the Duties, and to permit the same to be Bonded, under certain Regulations: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Cony, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to the further

Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's to the

making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a tree Port; to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships; to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Linens exported, and

taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw' Linen Yarns nude of Flax; to the reviving and continuing an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone and Marble, and granting another Duty in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland, for a certain Period: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to Flis Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time. Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to protest and relieve, under certain ProYifionSi and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from

vexatious

Expiring Laws Bill, prt fented.

Statues, &c. Duty Bill, presented.

Bill to repeal the Tax on Irish A b fen-tees, presented-

Cards Duty Bill, present- *d.

Committee on

Bill for Relief of Spiritual Eeifons.

reported.

Committee on ir-committed West Indiet, kc. Prize Courts Bill.

Committee on Ext nipt ion of Goods fe~ questtred in Kuflia from Auction Duty.

Committee on rc-committtd Irish Elections,^^ Bill.

41 Geo. IH. 19°

595

vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-residence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Lemon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion u'as made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'Tellers for the Yeas.l ?',r )

'(Mr. , Junior:)

Tellers for the Noes, j

(Mr. Rob j on:

So it wras resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and; and for

giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragg etook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve ltlelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of exempting certain Goods, lately under Sequestration in the Ports of Russia, from the Auction Duty, on the First Sale thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlell into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ireland-, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to lerve in the said United Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittec, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Irish Militia Reading of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the corn"

Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; *

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for im-Reading of the Bill to continue* for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, nude in this present Sel- i,uo Ireland, fion of Parliament j as permits Brilij Hops to be im- committed, ported into Ireland, at a low Rate of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Iml. Judges Reading of the Bill for providing Accommodations in ^con';, I0l{a*

A /Y- rD r IT! 7° 7 7 1 ' 1 A tions Mill,

Amze lowns for the Judges in Ireland, where Inch Ac* committed, commodations arc not already provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, Tlut the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Vox.. 56.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the j^i for Er_ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to portatiun of permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, without Pay- apmV ment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions, was com- e:i. mit.ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to

the

59 6 ^9° Jun 1801.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Or.ce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ir.grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Committee on Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House Drawback" *° rc*'°'ve itself* into a Committee of the whole House,

Bill. upon the Bill for regulating, for a Time to be limited,

the Allowance of Drawback, on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Dayj for the House land^&c^Fish resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill.' upon the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited,

the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committeeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Fim<i°jBiiu*" to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; imtmct ons. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Treasury Bills or Debentures issued from His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, which have been stolen, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Tnen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair,

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made lcvcral Amend-

o

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Six Millions Five Hun- (6,joo,oco). dred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committreon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gfjis'glij" upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, (3,oooo,oa>). by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committ?? on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Voteot Credit upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committeeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill to com-upon the Bill to authorize the ilfuing of Commissions, u *

and Letters of Marque and Reprilal against His Ma- toms and jesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to c"e-His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Public Boards, in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direifted him to

report.

4i Geo. III.

o <y *

19 Juntu

Committee on Horse Dealers Transfer Bill.

Bill for consolidating die Provisions in Acts of Inclosure, deferred.

Further Con-/ifteiution of Report on East India Company's Revenue Accounts, deferred.

Bill to prevent dealing from Gardens, See. deferred.

Ways and Cleans, deferred.

Order for Committee on

Duties on Spii its imported from Ireland, discharged.

Bill for Recovery of Debts due to His MajtUy, reported.

report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for consolidating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the 8th Day of May last, and the 8th Day of this lnstant June, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken irfto further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing the Healing, taking away, or maliciously pulling up or destroying of Fruit, Roots, Herbs, and Vegetables, growing or being in any Garden, Lands, or Grounds, open or inclosed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Spirits made in, and imported from, Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same, was committed, the Amend-Vot. 56.

5$7

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with' the Amendments, in at-the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Irlfh Court. Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Ma- B,1I»dcfwrd* jesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Additional to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pm,f‘ to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Exrife Regulation Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Collection Qf certain Duties of Excise, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Proceeding upon Hair Powder the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for transferring p^r^ronal the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Cer- Tn.uucr Bill, tificates for wearing Hair Powder, or uGng Armorial PaIied-Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 18. To leave out " B." and insert "A." instead thereof.

1. 34. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " the" in Pr, 11. 1. 3. and insert "on or before" instead thereof.

Pr. 1 r. 1. 4. To leave out from " Year" to the First "the" in 1. 8. and insert " upon " all Assessments made before that " Day, and upon all Assessments " made after the Tenth Day of " October, for that Year, on or before the Quarter Day; viz. the " Fifth Day of January, the Fifth " Day of April, the Fifth Day of " July, and the Tenth Day of October, which shall next happen " after Rich Assessment," instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out from " Payment" to " to" in 1. 10. and insert " thereof" instead thereof.

1. u. After "on" to insert " or before" and 7 N to

59® 19° — 20° Junii. i8ot<

to leave out " Twentieth" and insert " Tenth" instead thereof.

Pr. li. 1. ia. To leave out "June" and insert " October," instead thereof.

1. 13. To leave out from " One" to " And," in 1. 18.

1. 25. To leave out " Half."

1. 27. To leave out from " " to

" in," in 1. 29.

U 29. To leave out " and" and insert " upon " all previous Assessments, and " upon all Assessments made after " that Day, for that Year," instead thereof.

! 3it To leave out from "March" to " the," in 1. 33. and insert " and " the Twenty-ninth Day of her, which shall happen next after " such Assessment," instead thereof.

1. 35. After " on" to insert " or before," . Pr. 13* 1. 20. To leave out " the Kingdom of."

Pr. 33. 1. 6. To leave out from "Arrears" to "and" ini. 10.

Pr. 34. L 39. To leave out from " mentioned" to the End of Pr. 35.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Sabbati, 20° 'Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801. v Prayers.

*°ft> I f R. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to tic. Drainage JLVA whom the Bill for altering and amending an Bill, reported. Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving; certain Low Lands arid Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Gringley-on-the-Hilly Mijlerton, and , in the County oiNottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the County of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunder-written, was referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at jf.40.5r. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates aflelled at £. 42. $s.zd. who were neuter; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 32. $s. 3 who could not be met with; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at £.635.25.6^.;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Pill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deeping, Crow land, Langtoft, Bast on, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Commons, within the Parts of Kefteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln -, and also, for draining certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and ¥ hurl by, adjoining, or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland-, and also, for rendering more effecttual

several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, fordraining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Compensation for the Tythes of Allotments sold to defray the Expences of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A Message by Sir Francis M Gentleman Ulher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Allent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do defife the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Ddire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highncls the Prince of Wales, H is Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Lord Walftngham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act; for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland holding obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being dulyftamped:

Rrpojt bn Peeping, Cropland, &c. Dr linage and Inclosure Bill, further considered.

Royal Assent to Bills.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, in-titukd, An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance, of the Foundling Hospital in " j Dublin;" and for amending, and further continuing,

an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby, Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby:

An Act for reviving, continuing until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and " Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware lion led;

" for reviving lo much of an Act, made in the Thirty-" second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as " relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, " and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the f* Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One

An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, several Laws palfed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Reftifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue, until the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amend the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors:

An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act passed in Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and Vo I, 56.

" for securing the Duties payable on Home-made " Spirits:"

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Mand for improving the Revenue thereof; and also, to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act:

An Act to render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Rujta, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danish Ships:

An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the' United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland-, and also, for carrying into Effect Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom:

An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners " of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall " be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by " the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trull, for " the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it " shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will " be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in " order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard " Rigby to His Majesty:

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; and to amend the said Act:

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange AJJurattce to allure Vessels, Barges Keels, Boats, and other Crass, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein:

An Act to enable the Corporation of The London Assurance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft, employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, laden therein:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much.

" of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King James " the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in " making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing " the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying " thereof:"

An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of The Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle:

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty; and of their Journeymen and Apprentices:

An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex:

An

6oo 20* juniLi8ot<

An Act for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of gow, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act:

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters, plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde -, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town:

An Act for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining,

imposing, and recovering, certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle of Sheppy, (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue Town and Mile Town-, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein:

An Act for further continuing the Duties, and altering the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parishes from being rated to the Relief of the Poor, in respect of certain Assessments:

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of " Norfolk:"

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town:

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms " and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made " for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a ‘t new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the " Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the " County of "Durham, and making the Avenues to, and " the Passages over the fame, more commodious; and " for removing and preventing Nuisances and Ann#y-s

" ances, in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to " the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of " head, in the County of Dand for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads, to raise a further , Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, to raise Money for completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend, the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere £anal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chester Canal in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of Alton, in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere ('anal:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Juntlion Canal more eft'edually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the W orks to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts:

An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter, to the public lload adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy, as shall be necessary for that Purpoi'e:

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wlot on, Pilton, Wt ejlPennard, Baltonfborough, Barton Saint

David, But/eigh, Street, GlafionSaint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcot, ShapMoor/inch,

Chilton, Edmgton, Cojfngloii, Woolavington, East

Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore,

Badgworth, Baddisham, Chapel Allerlon, Were,

Paw/et, Wookey, and the Out-parish of Saint Cullibert in-Wells, all in the County of Som

An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington and ton Parson Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Town [hip of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walfham Saint Laurence and South Walfham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk-, and for drainingand preserving the fame:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Rockwardine, Eyton, Kinnerfley, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County:

An

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from "Dumfries to Moffat, and from by Dum-

fries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of peth, by or through Mitford, Long Wilton,

and by the North Side of R Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to ‘The High Cross in E/fdon, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair Inch Part of the Roads described in the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to in the County of

Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks; anti from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of in the same County:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Ellon, through the Town of Middle-wich, and by Spittle Hill, in to Winsford

Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecrcfs, in the Parish of to Hornscross, in

the Parish of Northiam-, and from Hornscross aforesaid, to the Turnpike lload near House, in the

Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Berkley, and also, the Road from StaplecroJ's aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Pari fit of Bodiam, and from

thence through the Pari (lies of Bodiam aforesaid, and Saleliurjl, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst,all in the County of

An Act for more efi'cftually repairing and improving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royfon, in the County of Hertford, to Bridge, in

the County of Huntingdon-, and for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Tw enty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Ealt End of Rrough-mder-Stainmore, in the County of tn or land, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Earnout Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth, to Market liar borough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton:

VOL. 56.

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, one paired in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An " Act* to widen and repair the Road from the Guide " Poll near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, " in the County of Oxford, to the House called The " Sun Rifng, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of " Warwick and the other, passed in the Twentieth "Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and lowers of the said Act:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, for repairing and widening several, Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinliampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field, unto the Turnpike

Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Mill Pond, in

Chalford Bottom, and through to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the county of ; and for

repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid, to Fofon's Ash, in the Parish of Bifley, in the said County of Gloucester:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, to re, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Seccr.d, for widening and repairing several Roads, leading from the Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrewsbury to Welsh Pool,at or near the Tenth MileStone, to, or

near to, Buttingion Hall, in the County of Montgomery: An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ttcehurf, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hafings, in the said County:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chefer, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road

7 O leading

6 02 ao° Junii. 1801.

leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Ternhill, to for making and repairing a new Branch of Road From Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of Roads the said Turnpike Road, at or near Ear mow in the said Acts mentioned: near the Town of aforesaid, to Furr-

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two field, near Buxton aforesaid:

Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Powers, of Two several Acts, made respectively in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Road from Dartford to Northfieet, and other Roads Towns of Pleafiey, Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for the Liberty of Hafiand, to the Turnpike Road leading other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, the in the County of Derby: Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and in the County of through the several Town-

from thence to the End of the then next Session of ships of Stockport, Offerton, and to or near -

Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the pie Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth the said Road, in the Township of Marple aforesaid. Years of tfre Reign of His present Majesty King George through the Village of Mills, to or near the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from both in the County of Derby, and another Branch

the East End of West Taphouse Lane, to the Borough from or near ThornJ'et Gate aforesaid, through the Village of Lijkeard, and from thence to 7he Combe Row Hoise, of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road,

and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the in the Townlliip of Difiey, in the said County of Counties of Cornwall and Devon: Chester:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-or.e Years, and An Act for continuing, for Tiventy-one Years, from thence to the End of the then next Session of and from thence to the End of the then next Session Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein The Black Bull Inn, in in the County of Bed-

mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road ford, to the Way turning out of the said Road, up to leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Hoise, in the County of Hertford:

Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; and An Act for vesting inTrusteesall the Real Estates amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, Esquire, deceased, in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of which, by his Will, were deviled in strict Settlement, Ruthin,into the Turnpike Road from Corwento Llanrwfi, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mawr,in the for discharging the Incumbrances aftefting the same Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County: Real Estates; and that the Residue of the Money, if

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from any, arising by such Sale, may be invelted in the Pur-thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- chafe of other Lands; and that the Lands to be so ment, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of purchased, and also such Part of the Lands to be an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign veiled in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall not be fold, of His present Majesty King George the Third, for may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, concerning his Real the Parish of Horfiey, to join the Turnpike Road lead- Estates deviled in strict Settlement: ing from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry in the Parish of Rodborough; and from the Bridge at Maw, of Wurnfiivorth, in the County of York, Esquire, Nailsworth, in the Parish of Aliening, to Minchinhamptonin Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the all in the County of Gloucester; and for altering l'ome Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, Parts of the said Iloads; to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge An Act for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-Aril Year the Will of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, in Trustees, to of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twentieth be fold, and for laying out the Monies to aril'e there-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing from in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled and widening the Roads from the Town of Slockbridge,in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses: in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winckefier, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of and from the said City through BelimourLane, to the the Moll honourable James Marquis of in

Top of Stephen s Castle Down, near the Town of Bpoop's Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase

Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon; and for of Winckejier,through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such

Town and County of the Town of Southampton: Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and his Marriage Articles; and for appointing a newTruftce from thence to the End of the then next Session of instead of one deceased:

Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the An Act to confirm, and render valid and eftcclual, Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and late

" for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turn- the Estates of Joseph Adcock, Grazier, deceased; and " ing, the Road from HurdlowHouse, through Buxton, also, of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County " in the County of Derby, and Stockport,in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, " of Chester, to Manchester,in the County of Lancaster Grazier, deceased:

" and also, the Road from Hernefi one Lane Head, and An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Truf-

" from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel-en-le-Frith, tees of the Guildhall Feoffment in Bury Saint Edmunds, " all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles " Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester ft and bury, Baronet:

4 ' An

An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt, Esquire, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Ul'es:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable Henry Thomas Earl of in the

Counties of Wilts and Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of , in Lieu thereof:

An Act for enabling Edward Coif able, Esquire, of Burton Confable, in Holderness, in the County of

Tenant for Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William Confable, Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York, or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned j and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward Confable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money for the proteifting, improving, and increasing, the same Estates, by the Means therein described:

An Act for vesting Two Freehold Messuags in Lombard Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of the Right honourable Charles Lord VII'count Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to th.e Uses of the said Will:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddlefton Purefoy devised by the

Will of Triflram Huddlefou Jervoise, Esquire, in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in tire Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald, Esquire, commonly called The Knight of lituate

in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off In-cumb ances:

An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Saint Hilds, in the Parish of farrow, in the County of Durham, to grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forelt or Chafe of Needzvood,in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Watte and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of The Great and Little Heaths, otherwise Mxvynydd, Bwchati, and Dyval, lying

within the several Parishes of John the Baptist in

Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, and Latiijhen, in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Tow nth ip of Ticklerton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop:

An Act for enabling Henry Earl of Abergavenny,

to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Hereditaments in the County of ii Ion-month

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bloficldand in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Brighton, Lingzvood, and Moulton, in the CJpunty of

Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and Inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common-Vot. 56.

able Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,* the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dunkefwell, in the County of Devon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Bergh Apton, Thurton, Telverton, Alpington, and Holvefon, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradfet, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marthes, Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton Colvile, Oulton, and Kirtley, otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Herefordand also, a certain Common Meadow, called Long situate in the said Parish of Caffe Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishop's' Froome, Much Cowarne, and Evefbach, in the said County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rijby and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and Witton, in the Parish of Afon juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waives, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Baffmgborne, in the County of Cambridge: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme Hale and Wef Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands,' within the several Parishes of Watton and Carbrooke, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Conifone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of and Conifone,

in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wilby, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, and Calcott,

20° Junii.

A. 1801.

in the Parish of Loner Heyford, otherwise Bridge, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headingt in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little in

the Parish of Great Farr ing don, in the County of Berks: An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldin the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwall,in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of CaJUecarrock, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilfland, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the several Parishes of Langtoft and , in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within, and belonging to, the several Parishes of West Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, East,

and West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof; and also, of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Parish of Oivfton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of and for allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunston,in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadstock,in the County of Essex:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Cars, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham,in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding of the County of; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Coulton,in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford,in the County of Essex:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, MeadQws, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Rufion Parva,otherwise Little Rttftun, in the East

Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Wick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks:

An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Paas:

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum:

An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth

' Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to King's Con-the Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ftnt ,0 DwP-Deeping, Crowland, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, D^Tnagt'

and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kefteven and and inclosure Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and also, for draining BlU-certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland-, and also, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore palfed, for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof.

And Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroifed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom wiidmoreFen the Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Allotment Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; Bl11, reP°rted' That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.23. 8i. 4 d.who refused to sign the Bill; and also,

except

4i Glib. III.

A / O f *

20 Junn.

605

except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Lind Tax at43. \is. 10 d.who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at £.i, S88. 165. 3 id; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the pom-mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

WiMmore.&c. Mn Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

Fens Drainage the Bill for the better and more effectually draining

.reporte . certa[n Tra£|-S of Land, called and 'the

fd'ejl and Raft Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds, lying contiguous or adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Estates affeli'ed to the Land Tax at £.308. 25. 11 d.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £. 175. 8r. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Drainage is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 3,045. 185. 11 Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

*nd West Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

FensAllot- the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called

repelled1* and West Feus, in the County of Lincoln, was

committed; and to whom the Petition of Jeremiah Ellis, Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

1 mittee, (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the

Land Tax at £.306. 185. 11 who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.164. 135. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill is assessed to the Land, Tax at £.3,376. 195. 1 oaf.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

- , Vot, 56,

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do make the Report from Boflon Bridge; the Committee, to whom the Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen, of the

Borough of Bojloni in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River , in the said

Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol, House of Correction, Market Cross, and the Rooms over the said Market Cross, within the said Borough, was committed.

Mr. Vyner accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do make the Report Pancras Par. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for forming, ing Bill, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and rep0 otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

Squares, and other public Passages and Places which are, and shall be made, upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton, was committed.

Mr. Mainwaring accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts ot Account of all Grain and Rice imported into the several Grain and Ports of England and Scotland, respectively, between the »riTexporttd) 5th January 1801 and the latest Period to which that ordered. Account can be made up; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Grain and Rice exported from the several Ports of England and Scotland, respectively, between the '

5th January 1801 and the latest Period to which that Account can be made up; distinguishing the Countries into which, and the Ports whence, exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts of Grain, Flour, Meal, and Malt, in England and Scotland, respectively, between the 5th January 1801 and the latest Period to which that Account can be made up; distinguishing the Prices in each Week, Month, Quarter, and Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for Re-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more coveiyof speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown p^M-

7P «f

Excise Regulation Bill, reported, and re-committed*

Report on Exemption of Good* lequef-tf-red in Ruffin from Auction Duty.

Instructior>.

Vote of Credit Kill, reported.

200 Junii.

A, 1801.

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Refched, That the Bill do pals: And that-the Title be, An Act for the more speedy and eftecftual Recovery of Debts due to Ills Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Admini ft ration of Justice within the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excite* was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide? further of the said Bilk

Mr. Braggey according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of exempting certain Goods, lately under Scquestration in the Ports of RuJJiay from the Auction Duty, on the First Sale thereof, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into this Country from Rujfia, which shall have been detained in that Country under Sequestration, be exempted from the Auction Duty, on the First Sale thereof.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed,

6

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to unVeTcuitoral authorize the issuing of Commissions, and Letters of and Excite, Marque and Reprifai against His Majesty's Enemies, to rePorted* such Ships and Vefills belonging to 11 is Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Culloms and Excise, and other Public Boards, in this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^.^Iocjo) railing the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Ex- reported! chequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bills Bill, railing the Sum of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand rqiorte?.000*^ Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of 1 Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Con foliated Committee of the whole House, to whom-the Bill for Fund Bill, granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of reporu the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered,

Newfoundland, See. Fish Bill, reported.

Horse Dealers Transfer Bill, reported.

New Forest:

Commissions Bill, prcicAi-

Jri(h Sugar

Drawback Bill,

reponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

607

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next; if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, p"y Bill, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

20° Junii.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered' the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon blonday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfutartpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of " Timber in the New Forest,in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said " Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the " lameAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

O) dered. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the udiole House, to whom the Bill for regulating, for a Time to be limited, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be w'arehoused in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolled.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, poltarion'of upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, British Hops so much of an Act, made in the present Session of Par- llUo Ireland> liament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee oi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Irifll Judsfi the Bill for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns tion°Bui!d* for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for Expor-Reading of the Bill (now ingrolled) to permit the Ex- ration portation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be. An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr; Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Ma- smmpbutiei jesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leal'es, Bonds, of other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the iaitl Committees

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Kir. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Kir. Brugge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaie to receive the ' fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

trift Amtri- Mr. Corrypresented to the House, according to Order, SI a Bill for facilitating the Trade and intercourse between

rented. Ireland and the United States of America: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Committee on . Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to «rdm)5to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this

renort from House relative to Bills of Inclosure, have Power to

TimetoTune, reportj from Time to Time, to the House.

instruction The House was moved, That an Act, made in this DiiiTuery Act. present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Eight hundred and Two, the making of " Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain, " in Ireland" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, 7 who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was'referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland " of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of " Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour, " and Rice," as relates to the Bounties on Flour, and Indian Corn or Maize, imported from , and were

then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by the Act now read.

irish Com Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, »ii)Uprdented'. a Bill to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour, and Indian Corn, imported into Ireland, and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland:And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Alonday Morning next.

houGn* ofrt" Kir. Corry presented to the House, according to Order,

Ruin'in ire- a Bill to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum land, pre- or Spirits of the British Sugac Plantations, to land the kuted. same in Ireland before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to Continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and -the British Dominions in Europe-, to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; to the making the Port of Saint John, in the Istand of Antigua, a free Port; to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign, or State, in Neutral Ships; to

the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Y arns made of Flax; to the reviving and continuing an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Alonday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Duty now payable on the Im- Statues, &«. portation of Statues, Wrought Stone and Marble, and |^y granting another Duty in Lieu thereof, was, according corami to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Cards Doty Playing Cards imported into Great Britain, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regula- courts Bill, tion of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies deferred, and America; and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, was re-committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing, Ten of the Clock.

' Fish Bounties A Bill for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Butted°, U* Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ivnce,

Durham Schools Bill* reported, ana passed.

Letcomb

Regis Ihclo iure Bill, faffed.

Annesley's

Eltate Bill,

committed*

41 Geo. lit

Lutuz, 22* die

Anno 41° Georgii III"* Regis, 1801. Prayers.

MR. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the ihgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challowin the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow, called White Mead,in L and Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Bajfett, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Bajfett, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Aunefley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering certain Trustees therein named to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Amejley, of Bletchington Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, and Thomas Bradford, of Ashdown Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of

the said Arthur Annesley,lituate in the County of York,

discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annesley, of Bletchington, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annesley, late of Lincoln's Fields, Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates lituate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur of Bletchington,

in the said County of Oxford, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annesley, Sir William Dolben, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 56.

' ' .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Carew's Bftate confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew,

Baronet, deceased, lituate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trusts in such Indentures mentioned, for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and allure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, for enabling Richard Carew, Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for vesting certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release; or Extin-guishment, of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, Copyhold; and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and allb the enfranchising, or reducing to small Fines , certain, the several Customary or Copyhold Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annesley',

Mr. Dickinson,he.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Mithael Goold, Esquire, to charge mitted!' certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins, Spinster, his intended Wife* notwithstanding the irrespective Minorities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annesley,

Mr. Dickins, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and Deeping, inclosing, Deeping, Crowland, Langtoft Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Inclosure Bill, Kefteven and Holland, in the county of ; and passed'

also, for draining certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and; and

also, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 65. 1. 26. After " aforesaid," to insertthe laid " Trustees of the Schools of Oakham " and Uppingham aforesaid, Impro- priators of with Stow

" aforesaid, and."

Pr. 86. 1. 13. After " respectively" to insert " fubdivided amongllthe several Tythe " Owners, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests " therein, by the said respective " Special Commissioners, and according to such Subdivision shall " be-"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fevefally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing Deeping, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kefteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and also, for draining Crowland

rj Q Common,

A. 1801.

61 o 2 2° Junii.

Common, or Goggujh/aud, and certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Bourn and adjoin-

ing, or lying contiguous to* the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping and in the Parishes of Spalding and adjoining to the said

Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland; and also, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preserv-. ing the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

littleByrtum, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bni, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Much's Efate Mr. Thomas Jones reported from the Committee, to andpilidT^' w^om the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of, and in, the Real Estates devised by the Will of Mary Pugh, Widow, deceased, lituate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trull, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and, by the like Directions, tofell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, if any, to arise from such Sales, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill> and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Jones do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord*Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration

menu to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-«y7i«.mp" tuled. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in inclosure Bill, Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, »gre«d to within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the County of Gloucester, and Latton and Eifey, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1 26. After " Parishes," insert " and is Impropriator of the said Parish of " Latton, and entitled to the Great " Tythes growing or renewing " within certain Parts of the said " Parish."

Pr. 20. 1. 27. After " Grounds," insert Clauses (A), and(B).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That the " said Commissioner shall set out " unto the said Edward Craggs " Lord Eliot, and his Heirs, in " Lieu of all Tythes, Modules, and " other Payments in Lieu of

" Tythes arising or becoming due " to him as Impropriator,or otherwise, within the said Parish of " Latton, such Plot or Plots of the " laid Lands and Grounds,intended " to be divided and allotted in the " said Parish, as in the Judgment " of the said Commissioner shall be " equal in Value to all the Tythes,

" Modules, or other Payments, in " Lieu of Tythes arising or becoming due to him as Impropriator or " otherwise, within the said Parish."

Clause (B). " And be it further Enacted, That the " said Commissioner shall set out " unto and for the said Lyne,

" and his Successors, Vicars as " aforesaid, in Lieu of all Tythes,

" both Great and Small, and Modufes and other Payments, in Lieu " of Tythes arising or becoming due to him as Vicar, within the " said Parish of Latton (over and " above, and exclusive of the Lands t

" so to be allotted for his and their " Glebe Lands,and Common Rights " thereto belonging) such Plot or " Plots of the said Lands and " Grounds intended to be divided " and allotted in the said Parish, as " in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value " to all the Tythes, both Great and " Small, and Modules and other " Payments, in Lieu of Tythes " arising or becoming due to him " the said John Lyne, as Vicar " within the said Parish of Latton.''

Pr. 22. 1. 12. Leave out from " aforesaid," to "and" in Press 23. Line 2.

Pr. 29.I. ult. After " Payment," insert Clause (C).

Clause (C). " And be it further Enacted, That if any " Proprietor or Proprietors of Land " in the said Parish of Latton, shall " not have any or sufficient Interest " in the said Open and Common 1

" Lands and Grounds, equal in '

" Value to the Value of the Tythes F

" payable out of, or in respect of " his or their Lands and Tenements, intended by this Act to " be exonerated from Tythes, then . " and in such same the Land to be " allotted to the said Impropriator,

" or to the said Vicar of Latton, in " respect of the Tythes payable out " of, or in respect of the Lands or " Tenements of such Proprietor or " Proprietors, shall be taken from " the Allotment or Allotments to " which the said Edward Craggs " Lord Eliot will be entitled as a " Landholder in the said Parish,

" and the Proprietor or Proprietors " of the Lands and Tenements so " exonerated, shall pay unto the " said Edward Craggs Lord " his Heirs and Assigns, such Yearly " Rent or Sum as the said Commissioner shall award, as a Compensation to the said Edward " Craggs Lord Eliot, for the Lands " so taken from his Allotment, in " order to exonerate the said Lands " and Tenements of such Propriefor or Proprietors from Tythes,

" which

tidL

Lord Orford'* Eihte Bill, reported, and jaded.

Enfield Inclosure b:li, re* porteJ.

41 Geo. III. 2 1° Jurt611

*e which Rent shall be, and is hereby the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once " charged upon, and payable out read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by " of, the Lands and Tenements so One; and, upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, exonerated, and shall be payable were agreed to by the House.

" at the tame Times, unto, and re- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " coverable in the same Manner, by ingrossed.

" the said Edward Craggs Lord " Eliot, his Heirs and Assigns, as

" the Rent hereby directed to be " paid to the said Vicar is made " payable to, and recoverable by,

" the said Vicar."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Content to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford,deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for

laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the first Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Liles, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rtfohcd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Midd/efex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fubfaibed, having Right of Common upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Marlbes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotments, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middle fix, was referred ;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 112. 16 7 who refilled to

sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land assessed at £.61. 8 s.9 d.who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at £.1,338. 5 s. 0$ d.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

Vox.. 56.

An ingrafted Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Town ships of Everton, Scaftutor.'h, the-Hill, Mifierton, and IFolkeringhan:, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, on the-Hill, Mifierton, and Wa in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Bray field, otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. '

Pr. 30. 1. 20. Leave out from "Vicar" to "And" in Press 32. Line 12. and inlert Clauses (A.) and (B.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " the said Commissioners shall, " and they are hereby authorized " and required to set out, allot, " and award, unto and for the said " William Earl of Dartmouth, as Impropriator as aforesaid, and the " laid Charles Burton, and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaidjfuchAllotment or Allotments of the said " Common and Open Fields, " Meadows, Pastures, Commonable " Landsand Waste Grounds,within " the said Parish of Lavendon, as " shall in the Judgment of the " said Commissioners be equal in " Value to One-Fifth Part of the " Arable Lands lying and being ' . " within the said Parish of Laven-

" don, subject to the Payment of " Tythes in Kind to the said William " Earl of Dartmouth, and the said " Vicar, and also such further Allotment or Allotments of the " said Common and Open Fields, " Meadows, Pastures, Commonable " Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Lavendon, as " shall in the Judgment of the said " Commissioners be equal in Value " to One-Ninth Part of the Refidue of the Lands within the said " Parish (not Arable) subject to the " Payment of Tythes in Kind to " the said William Earl of Dartmouth, and the said Vicar, and the " same shall be in Lieu of all such " Tythes respectively, which said

" several

Everton,

Scab worth, fee. Drainage Bill, pafittl.

I-ord* Amendments to Lt-vendon, <sx. inclosure Bill agreed to.

Haring* Kar.

Kut? rcp'jrtcii, #H.‘i V)Aiicd#

22° Junii.

A. 1801*

n several Allotment or Allotments, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the " so to be set out and allotted as Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the " aforesaid, shall be divided by the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

" laid Commissioners between the " said William Earl of Dartmouth,

" and the said Vicar and his Successors, in such Proportions, and " in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall think adequate to " their rel'peftive Shares, Interests, " and Properties in such Tythes respectively.'

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolb'm do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

_____j. Sir William reported from the Committee, to Pfeil'sNat.

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That the whom the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ami'p^K^ " said Commissioners shall, and they Act for naturalizing John William was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and " award, unto and for the said " rer Grove Spurgeon Finer, ns Impropriator as aforesaid, and the " said Charles Barton and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, such " Allotment or Allotments of the " laid Common and Open Fields, " Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, with* " in the said Parish of as

" shall in the Judgment of the said " Commissioners be equal in Value " to One-Fifth Part of the Arable " Lands lying and being within " the said Parish of Lavendon, subjell to the Payment of Tythes in " Kind to the said Grove

" Spurgeon Farrer, and the said Vicar;

" and also such further Allotment " or Allotments of the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, " Pallures, Commonable Lands, and " Waste Grounds, within the said " Parish of Lavendon, as shall in

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Suthmier's whom the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^edj'llnT Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier, was committed; paired.' That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Ploufe hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

luuni ui ^.uuenuun, iuau m Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Hnn-eU Nat. the Judgment of the said Com- whom the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ,nd'pa(^j> missioners be equal in Value to All for naturalizing William Harre, was committed;

" - ~ ‘ - - - That the Committee had examined the Allegations ot

" One-Ninth Part of the Residue " of the Lands within the said " Parish (not Arable) fulijclt to the " Payment of Tythes in Kind to " the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon " Farrer, and the said Vicar, and " the same shall be in Lieu of all " such Tythes respectively; which " said several Allotment or Allotments, so to be set out and allotted " as aforesaid, shall be divided by " the said Commissioners between " the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon " Farrer, and the said Vicar and his " Successors, in such Proportions, " and in such Manner, as the said " Commissioners shall think ade-, " quate to their respective Shares, " Interests, and Properties, in such " Tythes respectively."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Court's Nat. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^d'

All for naturalizing David Court, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bi'l, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Do/bui do carry the Bill to

the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Consent to the said Alterations;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Honyzvood reported from the Committee, to TollclKunt whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Iucl°fareB4I, Open Common Heath or Waite Ground, and other rcPorte<*' the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tollejbunt Major, agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. otherwise 'Tollejbunt in the County of Essex,

was committed; That the Committee had examined*

Sir fhlhamDo'ven reported from the Committee, to and found that the Standing Orders of the House re-

whom the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An lative to Bills oflnclolure, had been complied with-and Alt for naturalizing John Haring, was committed; That that the Committee had examined the Allegations of

6 ° the

4i Geo. III. 22 0 Juni6/3

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and to the changing one of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietor of 8 Acres of Land, who had been applied to, but had given no Answer; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure confilts of 252 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were'Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

petition from A Petition of the Principal Inhabitants of the City

Gloucester,was presented to the House, and read; &jeof^Grain, Setting forth. That the present Method of felling Grain Jcc.byWeight. and Potatoes by Measure, is productive of much Inconvenience, and that it would be of general Utility if, in-ltead thereof, it were sold by One fixed Weight only: And therefore praying. That the same may be taken into Consideration, and such Means provided for effecting the above Purpose, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, T\\dX the said Petition dolie upon the Table.

brier for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing the prevent toil- Healing, taking away, or maliciously pulling up or deaf* from Hroying of Fruit, Roots, Herbs, and Vegetables, grow-discharged!C* ^nS or being in any Garden, Lands, or Grounds, open Or inclosed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Persons not resident in Ireland, for h certain Period, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland, and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Notaries Bill* passed,'

lri<h Sugar Drawback Billy passed.

Bill to repeal the Tax on Irish Absen-tees, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Regulation of Public Notaries, be now read.

And the said Ofder being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England.

Ordered, That Mr. Luflnngton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating, for a Time to be limited, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing Rritif Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, Fegs, and Pensions, in Ireland, of

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same in Ireland before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of " Timber in The New Forest,in the County of " ampton-, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said

" Forefi, and of the Lands of the Crown within the " fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

7 R A Message

Irish Araeri-

canTrade Billy

committed.

Irish Corn Bounties, &c; Bill, com* raitted.

Bill for waro>

houling of Rum in Ireland, committed.

New Forest Comm idiom

Bill, committed*

by v

614

22° Ju

A. 1801.

The Lord? A Mcftage from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. have agreed to Leeds:

_ Mr. Speaker, irish Memirers The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exemption to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties such 1 ' Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that

Part of the United Kingdom called and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

Bin to comi- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act A^'torSu ^or farther continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of pression of P March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, Rebellion. passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and further continuing, until " the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight " hundred and One, Two Acts, passed in that Part of " the United Kingdom called Ireland in the Thirtyninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppreflron of the Rebellion which " Hill exilts within that Kingdom; and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's " faithful Subjects within the famewithout any Amendment: And also,

Bin to prevent The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Persons in to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons fatlngin the *n Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons; with-Houteot Com- out any Amendment: And also, mon!‘ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

RoadHill.111 far repairing the Road from the North End of Bridge-ford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to The Bozvling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

I.ricester and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to 03 1 Peterborough, in the County Qf Northampton; and for re-

pealing Two Acts, passed for repairing the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

Fofs Naviga- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tion and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third

Drainage Bill. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Communication from the Jundtion of the River " Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York,

" to Stil,lingtonMill, in the Parish of in the

" North Riding of the County of York, and for draining " and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side " of the said River Fofs," lo far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same; without any Amendment: And also,

Crowt.md The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drain..gcand for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Common called lnclufure Bill. Cropland Common, or Goggujldand, and certain Open

Half Year Meadow, Commonable, and Waste Grounds, called The IFafhes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining, or near to, the Town(h ip of Crozein the County of without any Amendment: And also,

Barkwiv nui The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Reed Dlviiion for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Bid.AU°tment Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkivay and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford-, and for extinguithing all Rights of Common, Shcepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds, within the said Parishes and Hamlets; without any Amendment: And also,

Mol (croft The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

lndoiu.c Bill. p0P dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common for Car, within the i'ownship of Mols-croft, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain

Croydon and Rotherhitlie Canal Bill, with Amendments.

Willsford Daunt ley Tn* cloiiire Bill, with an Amendment.

Amendment* to Add i Ton'i Divorce Bill.

ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townfship; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Piace, called Baltic Wharf , in the Town of Rotherhitlie, in the said County; and for supplying the Towns of Croydon,

Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Ncrzcood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal; with home Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands; in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings of Wilsjord, otherwise WiUsford Danntfey, otherwise Willes-ford Danntfey, in the County of Wilts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jayie Campbell with Edward Addison her now Hutband, on Account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confkleration the LordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, mentsto Bill An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia sco^tdiMiiitia Force in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Acts,agreed Britain and Ireland called Scotland. to*

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 4. Leave out " completed," and insert " attained," and in the same Line leave out " Eighteenth " and insert " Nineteenth."

Pr. 10. 1.8. Leave out "Fifteenth" and insert " First, " and in the same Line leave out " June " and insert " Au-

Leave out Clause (B).

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Vote of Credit Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Bill, paired. Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Exchequer Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum Bill* Bill, of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Biiis, for the (^*>cod,oooo.) Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand'

Eight hundred and One, be now read.: V-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said BiW was read the Third Timft

Resolved, -

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions* by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Debate on A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

Motion re- That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt was, on the

Meeting the irev or 0 r. T

Public "Debt 5th ot Janmry 1786, £.238,231,248, exclusive ot Long

°n jtu j»n. and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the

17 o,a journ- ^mount cf 1,373,550; that, on the ill of February

1793, Stock to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 79,880 had fallen in, an 1 had been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt on the 5th of January 1793, to £. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to £. 1,293,670; and that, on the 1 ft of February 1801, Stock to the Amount of £.36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of£.123,477, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, and Stock . to the Amount of£.i6,o83,8o2, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, reducing the A6lual Amount of Debt exilting before the War, on the ill of February 1S01, to £.186,047,884, and the Annuities to £.1,250,073.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Debate on The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the

Motion re- adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount

Public^Debt, t*ie Public Funded Debt, on the ill of February 1793, &c. on ift was£. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annui-

Sheradl tieS lor , LivCS> to the Amount f £1 >37 which

journed. Sums, Stock to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been

purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt, on the ill of February 1793, to £. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670; and that, on the ill of February 1801, Stock to the Amount of £. 36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock to the Amount of £.16,083,802, had been transferred to them on

Account of Land Tax redeemed, and Annuities to the

| .

Amount of £. 123,477, had fallen in, reducing, on the ill of February 1801, the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War to £. 186,047,884, and the Annuities to £. 1,250,073.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Bill for Relief The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-Beuonwe thcrConsideration the Report from the Committee of the committed." whole House, to whom the Bill to protecfl and relieve, under certain Provisions and Regulations, Spiritual Persons from vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequenceof their Non-residence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the find

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ifoufe, to consider further of the said Bill. . '

considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 56.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wiliam Lemon reported from the Committee;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Bill,'further Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members «u«»fidered» to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolfcd.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the West Indiet, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in committed the West Indies and America-, and for giving a more Bill, reportedi speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that. the Judges shall not aft as Agents for an Estate, or for Prizes, or be concerned in any Privateer.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon I'/ednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Further Con-Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, To- Mention of morrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole E:Xind!a House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Company'* Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the 8th Day of May last, and the 8th Day of this red.

Instant June, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed Report on to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the to JiicJolurc

lame,

1

fame, with their Opinion thereupon, and who were empowered to report, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read, and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, which shall be presented to the House after this Session of Parliament, there be inserted a Clause, providing what Sum of Money, in the Whole, shall be paid to each of the Commissioners to be appointed by such Bill, in full Satisfaiflion of the Expence and Trouble which he Avail incur in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers thereby given; or that, in Default of such Provision being made, there be inserted a Clause providing that the Account of such Commissioner or Commissioners, containing a true Statement of all Sums by him or them received and expended, or due to him or them for their own Trouble or Expences, shall, at lead once in every Year, from the Date of the passing of such Act till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined by some Person or Persons in such Bill to be named, and the Balance by him or them dated in the Book of Accounts already required to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of such Commissioners; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Person or Persons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all such Bills as above mentioned, Provision be made that no Witness summoned to attend such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be obliged to travel above Eight Miles from the Boundary of the Parish, Manor, or District, thereby intended to be inclosed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all such Bills, Provision be made for empowering and requiring the Commissioner or Commissioners named in such Bills, to appoint One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, with or without a Salary, for the fird forming and completing such Parts of the public Carriage Roads dire died to be set out and appointed by such Bill, as shall be newly made, and for putting into complete Repair such Part of the same as shall have been previously made, and for defraying the Expence of such Salary, and of forming, completing, and repairing, such Roads respectively, over and above a Proportion of the Statute Duty on the Roads to be so repaired, either by Sale of a sufficient Portion of the said Lands, or by a Rate to be settled and apportioned by such Commissioner or Commissioners, upon the Owners and Proprietors of the fame; and in case of Sale of such Lands, for the Payment of the Produce thereof, before the Execution of the Award to such Surveyor or Surveyors, to be accounted for as herein after directed, and for making a conditional Rate upon such Owners and Proprietors, in case the Produce of such Sale should prove insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, and for subjccting such Surveyor or Surveyors, and his or their Accounts, to the Jurisdiction and Controul of the Justices of the Peace in all Respects whatever, and with the same Powers of levying such Rate, as may by such Justices be thought necessary, according to the Proportions previously ascertained by such Commissioner or Commissioners, in like Manner as if he or they had been appointed by virtue of the General Highway Act, passed in the 13th Year of His present Majesty, and for the Re-payment of any Surplus that may remain in his or their Hands after such Roads shall be completely formed and repaired, to such Persons as shall have been made liable to contribute thereto, according to the Proportions above mentioned, 6

and for preventing any Charge or Burthen being laid on the Inhabitants at large, except such Proportion of such Statute Duty as aforesaid, until the same shall, by such Justices in their Special Sessions, be so ordered or directed; and for enforcing, by certain Penalties on such Surveyor or Surveyors to be specified in such Bill, the completing and repairing such Roads within Two Years after the said Award, unless such Justices shall, on fufii-cient Cause being altedged and proved to their Satisfaction, grant a further Time, not exceeding One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all such Bills, whenever any Sum of Money is under the Provisions of such Bill, to be paid for the Pun* chafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any 'l imber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, Provision shall be made for empowering the Commissioner or Commissioners named in such Bill, out of such Sum to defray such Pn> portion of the Expence of passing such Act, and carrying the same into Execution, as shall, if any, be charged upon any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Trustees, or Feoffees, in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so fold or exchanged, or on which such Timber or Wood actually grew, and also the Expence of any permanent Improvement, such as building, subdividing, draining, or planting, and the like, which shall in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners be proper to be made, and shall be made, under his or their Direction, upon any Lands to be by virtue of such Bill allotted to such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees, respectively; and that the Surplus thereof, not being less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, Parte the Commissioner or Commissioners under such particular Bill, or under such other Title as by the said Bill shall be directed, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the 12th Year of King George the First, Chapter 32. and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, and shall, when so paid in, there remain until the same shall, by Order of the said Court, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way, be applied either in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances affecting the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased or exchanged, or until the same shall, upon the like Application, be laid out, in a summary Way, after allowing for the Expences necessarily attending such Purchase, by Order of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ufesj and in the mean Time, and until such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in some of the Public Funds,or in Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom shall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Persons as would, for the Time being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, conveyed, and settled: And in case such Sum of Money shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in such Case, such Sum of Money shall, with the Approbation of such Commissioner or Commissioners, be paid into the Bank of England, and applied, by Order of the Court of Chancery, in Manner hereinbefore directed, or may, without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be paid into the Hands of Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements* and

Hereditaments,

4i Geo. Ill J 617

Hereditaments, so to be purchased and settled, fitch Nomination to beapproved of by such Commissioner or Commissioners, and such Nomination and Approbation to be in Writing, under the Hands of the Person so nominating and approving, and the Money so paid to such Trustees shall, by them, be applied in like Manner as is before directed with Respect to the Money so to be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, but without any Order of the said Court touching the Application thereof} and in case such Sum of Money thall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and conveyed for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be named in any such Bills as a Commissioner, Surveyor, or Valuer, who shall be inte-refled in the Inclosure to be made by virtue of such Bill, or the Agent ordinarily intruded with the Care, Superintendence, or Management, of the Estate of any Person fointercfted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all such Bills there be inserted a Clause, by which the Commissioner or Commissioners shall be required to set out the public Carriage Roads in such Directions as shall, upon the Whole, appear to him or them most commodious for the Public, and to al'certain the same by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare a Map in which such intended Roads shall be accurately laid down and described, Inch Map, signed by the Commissioner, if only One, or the major Part of the said Commissioners, to be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioner or Commissioners; and, as soon as may be after such Carriage Roads shall have been so set out, and such Map so deposited, to give Notice in some Newl'paper to be named, circulating within that Part of ,the County where such intended Inclosure shall lie; which Notice shall also be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish, of his or their having set out such Roads, and deposited such Map, and also of the general Lines of such intended Carriage Roads; and to appoint, in the same Notice, a Meeting to be held by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, at some convenient Place in or near to the Parish or Township within which the Inclosure is to be nude, and not iooner than Three Weeks from , the Date of such Notice, at which Meeting any Person who may be injured or aggrieved by the letting out of such Roads, may attend; and if any Person shall object. to the setting out of the lame, that then the Commissioner or Commissioners, together with any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division in which such Inclosure shall be made, and not being interallied in the fame, who may attend such Meeting, shall hear and determine such Objection, and the Objections of any other such Person, to any Alteration that the said Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, may in consequence propole to make, and shall, according to their Judgment upon the Whole, order, and finally direct, how such Carriage Roads shall be set out, and either confirm the said Map, by resigning the fame, or make such Alterations therein, as the Calc may require; and in case such Commissioner or Commissioners shall by such Bill be empowered to flop up any old oraccustomed Road passing through any Part of the old Inclosures in such Parish, Township, or Place, the same shall in no same be done without the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for such Division, and not interested in the Repair of such Roads, and be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner as if the same was originally ordered by such Justices as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesiay Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Vol. 5b.

Report 'be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the 'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, lor One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

7 S An

Additional Stamp Duties re-committed Bill, reported.

Irish Militia Pay Bill, rt- % ported.

Bill fbMm-portation of British Hops into Ireland, reported.

IrHh Judges Accommodations Bill, reported.

6i8

o cv

22 J.

A. 1801.

WittcV.ind An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Werner'* for naturalizing Henry Anthony and

committed. HenryWerner, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -pont, Sir John William &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill for consolidating the Provisionsin Act of Inclosure, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House t6 refcrlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for consolidating, in One Ad, certain Provisions ufoally inserted rn Acts of tnclosure; and for facilitating tire Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Lay being read, for the House to Mian*, defer- resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to Tc ' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will* upon Wedneslay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

jrish Courts The Order of the Day being read,.for the Second Bill, deferred-. Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and eff'eduai in Personal Actions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Excd^Ke^u- a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ution Bif:^ie Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of

certain Duties of Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jill to com- The Bill (now ingrossed) to authorize the issuing of

mission Vefle!* Commissions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal toms and*Ex- flga'nft His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels tifoypafled. belonging to His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Public Boards, in this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the issuing of Conuniflions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Public Boards, in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exchequer The Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Six

Bills Bill, Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or

pfi&d °0, M0^ Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions Five

Hundred Thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

x

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty Cnnfolidated certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies,-therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland-, for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr, Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The BUI (now ingrosstd) for allowing. For a.Time to Newfound-be limited, the Importation of certain Fish from New-foundlani and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting!

Bounty thereon, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the bill do y>afs r Arid that the Titfc be, An Act for allowing* until the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (how ingrossed) for transferring the Receipt Horse Deatoi and Management of the Duties on Licences for using Transfer Bill# orexercifing the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all'o, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred* was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.*

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords* and dehre their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeoti a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Bounties granting B iunties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Expirin^Laws resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deiermi. upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundlatidy and Parts adjacent, from Great Britahiy Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; to the making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigudy a free Port; to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging

4i Geo. III.

22° — 23° Junii.

619

longing to any Foreign European Sovereign or State"; Prince of Wales, t-Jis Royal Highness the Duke of in Neutral Ships; to the granting a Bounty upon hjis Royal Highness the Duke of His

certain Species of British and Irish Linens ex- Royal Highneis the Duke of Kent, His Royal High-ported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation ness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of i

reviving and continuing an Act' of the 39th and 40th the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills j effectual Encouragement of the British) Fisheries; and and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord WaU for making perpetual so much of an Act made in Phe and the Lord Auckland, named all'o in the said

27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as re- Commission, did accordingly declare 4nd notify the lates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as Hydrometer. followeth;

Resolved, That this House will; To-rhorrow Morning* An Act for further Continuing; until the Twenty* resolve itself into the said Committee. fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and

"Committee on Statues, &c. Duty Bill.

Committee on Cards Duty Bui.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Two, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending, and further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of " June One thousand Eight hundred and One, Two " Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom M called Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth; a Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for thej " Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom; and for the Protection of the Persons ** and Property of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the fame:"

An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons therein described, as may have only an occasional Ilefidence in Great Britain:

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons: _

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making ana maintaining a u Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River with the River Ouje, at or near the " City of York, to Mill, in the Parish of

" in the North Riding of the County of

York, and for draining and improving certain Low " Lands, lying on each Side of the said River so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone and Marble, and granting another Duty in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii, IIIta Regis, 1801.

A of the Black Rodi

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Aifent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

said Navigation to complete the same:

An Act for draining, dividing, and indoling, 4 Common called Crowlc.nd Common, or Goggv.Jhland, and

certain Open Half Years Meadow', Commonable and Waste Grounds, called ‘The Wajhes and Fodder in, adjoining, or near, the Township of in

the County of Lincoln:

An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, td The Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of ampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for re*

Prayers.

Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulhcr pairing the said ltoad:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of

Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton % and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing thp said Road:

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the First 'Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the llefidue thereof in the Purchase of other

Mr. Speaker reported, That tire House, at the Desire 'Estates in the County of , to be settled to tire

of the Lords authorized by virtue-of Mis Majesty's same Uses:

Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of -Beevs, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the -Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also Voi, 56.

An Act for the Establiftunent of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of

Durham

AnAftfor veiling the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of, empowering His Royal. Highness the and in,-the Real Estates deviled by the Will of Mary

Pugh,

ToIIeftiunt

InclosureBiJl,

polled#

Kind's Consent to East: and Welt Fen*

Allotment

Bill.

Wild more, ftcc. Fen* Drainage Bill, passed.

62o 230 Junii . i8or*

Pugh, Widow, deceased, situate ill the Counties of Car* narvon and AngleJ'ey, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon

Trust, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have: been fold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and, by the like Directions, to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates; and for laying out the Suipius of the Money, if any, to arise from such Sales, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, therein expressed:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford; and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Car, within the Town-Clip of Molfcroft, in the Parish of Saint ‘John of in the East Riding of the County of York; and for Inaking a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield, otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of

Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the County of and Latton and Eifey, in the county of:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of 'Jane Campbell with Edward Addison her now Husband, on Account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sifter of the said jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing David Court:

An Act for naturalizing John William An Act for naturalizing William Harre:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier:

An Act for naturalizing John Haring.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tollejhunt otherwise Tollefhmt Beckingham, in the County of Essex,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, and ether Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tollejhunt Major, otherwise Tollejhunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex.

Orderta, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de'lire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln -, which Bill was, upon Saturday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command)

acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, hat the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and The West and East Fens,in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands

and Grounds in the several ParisheS, Townships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds, lying contiguous, or adjoining the ret , be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, haring been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit, .

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrofi'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the draining of certain High Lands.

And the said Clar.fe was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder*

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 14. .1. 13.

ws

After " Oaths " to insert " or Affirmations.".

1. 14* To leave out from "any" to "to" in 1. 17, and inlert " One of the said " Special Commissioners " instead thereof.

I. 17. To leave out "they are" and insert " he is " instead thereof.

1. 19. To leave out " each " and insert " any other " instead thereof.

1. 20. After " Oaths " to insert " or Affirmdtions."

1. 23. After " Oaths " to insert " or Affirmatidns."

Pr. 22.1. 4. To leave out " of" and insert " Lands " belonging to " instead thereof.

1. 5. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to " Thomas " and insert " Leake Spilsby, Toynton All Saints, and Sapperton " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House > and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and The West and East Fens, in tire County of Lincoln j and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds, lying contiguous, or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, empowering the Commissioners to allot Lands in Lieu of Tythes of the Lands to be sold for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Claute was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that nothing contained in the Act shall prejudice the Powers of any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for draining Wildmore, and East and West Fens.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till after the

East smd West Fens Allotment Bill, rt ad the Thisi Time.

Irish Election, &c. Bill, passed,

The Lords have agreed to

Copper Trade Bill.

National Debt JKU.

Habeas Corpus Sui'pension Indemnity Bill,

Bishop'sCastle and Montgomery' Roads Bill.

Sharpies and Bolton Roads Bill.

Rippie Inclosure Bill.

23° JuniL

621

the House the Day.

shall have proceeded upon the Orders of

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also>

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating the Act for dividing, allotting, and incloting, the Open Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called in the County of Lincoln; without any Amend -

Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Mem- ment: And also.

Louth Inclo-sure Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cheltenham for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and InclosurcBl11-Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within

bers to lerve in the said United Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

.The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Tything or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County be, An Act for regulating, until the First Day of May of G ;without any Amendment: And also. One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Trial of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, with Amend, in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the ments. for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; Parish of in the County of Huntingdon; with

and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords

serve in the said United Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.'

to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of ^‘vepafled

France, and other Persons therein described, from Im A Mefflige from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. prisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the

Foreigners Debts Bill.

Leeds

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Laws now in , Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation j and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof; without any Amend- Regulations, Spiritual Persons from vexatious Profecu-

Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Lemon,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to protect and relieve, under certain Provisions and

Bill for Relief of Spiritual Persons, reported.

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

tions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-re-fidence on their Benefices, or their taking of Farms, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

to be by them placed to the Account of the Com- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indcmnifving such Persons as, since the First

j o

Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty-fifth Years

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeton to refofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fo/jjatingThe upon the Bill for consolidating, in One Ad, certain Pro- Provisom in the Reign of I lis present Majesty, for amending and vilions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for ^ure[Ia* widening several lioads leading from the Town of facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually Bishop's Cape, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike required on the passing of such Acts, be now read.

Road at Westlury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minfierley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and;

and also for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report.

for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That Morning.

the Report be received Tomorrow

Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at, or near to,

7. he Lamb Inn,otherwise Fletcher's Public House, in

the Township of Sharpies,in the Parish of Bolton-in the-Moors, to tire Turnpike Road leading from Preston to

Blackburn aforesaid, at, or near to, BrindleLane End,

otherwise Fool? Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leyland,all in the County Palatine of Laticafier; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open mencing from the ift Day of January i#oo, and ending and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common the tftDay of January 1801.

Vol. 56. 7 T ' And

Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart presented to the House, pur- Lift of Civil suant to their Order,

A Lift of all such Sum and Sums of Money as are j>«fenteu. incurred, and become due, upon His Majesty's Establishment for Civil Affairs within , bearing

Date the 19th Day of June 1761, for One Year, com-

(No. 55-)

Accent of

the Value of In)ports ati<l 'Exports, to be printed#

Committee on Bill to repeal

the T;'xes on Irish Absentees.

Committee on

Irith American Trade Hill.

Commitret on Irish Corn Bounties Bill.

Committee on Bill for warehousing of Bum in Ireland,

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Great Britain, for Sixteen Years, ending the 5th of January 1801; distinguishing each Year; and dip tinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China from the Value of all other Imports; and distinguishing the Value of British Produce and Manu-Injures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January ] 801, be printed, as shall be fufikieixt for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits ot Employment, Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland, for a certain Period.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported trom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland\ and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and the dillilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

-Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeect a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for comSffioL enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for exe- Bill, cuting an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Preservation of Timber in The New Forest,

44 in the County of Southampton; and for ascertaining *4' the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Ma- Additional jesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on s^mP Duties Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Blll» or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional.

Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences.

Ordered, That Mr, Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for defraying the Charge of irish Militia the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of ^Ireland, for One Pay Bill, Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. Cony do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to Bnifor be limited, so much of an Act, made in the present importation Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops* to be im- Hooslnto ported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty, was, ac- Ireland, cording to Order, read the Third Time. paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Hate of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excite charged thereon,

The Bill (now ingrossed) for providing Accommoda- iri«i, judges tions in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where Accommodate!) Accommodations are not already provided, was, according to Order, read the Third Tims.

Refdvci,

Irish Courts Bill, deterred.

Recife Regulation re-committed Bill, reported.

Fiflt Bounties Bill, reported.

Committee on

Expiring laws Bill.

Instru&iofL

i Geo. III. 23° Tumi. 23

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal Actions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

said Act, of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Fisheries carried on from the Isle of Man.

Then the House, resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be rtad the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, ami which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tQ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon to Bill to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe-, to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streightsto the making the Port

of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port; to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships; to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species and Irtfh Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Fortign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the reviving and continuing an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of tb Fisheries;

and for making perpetual l'o much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to amend so much of the Vot. 56.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Statue*. &«. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone and Marble, and granting another Duty in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put 1 hereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Times To -morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be thenin-

grolied.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Braggs reported from the Committee of the C*rd* Duty whole Home, to whom the Bill for granting to His Biu»rePort Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read' throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

The House, according to the Order made this Day, East and West resumed the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Read- £1^* ing of the ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting cer- paired, tain Fens, called The East and Wesi Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 31. To leave out "Two Justices of the " Peace, acting for the Parts of " Lindsey,or Division of Holland, in the said County of and

insert " One of the said Commissioners," instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out " they are" and inlcrt „ *

" he is," instead thereof.

I. 37. To leave out "each" and inlert "any " other," instead thereof.

Pr. 14. 1. 19. To leave out "Two Justices the " Peace acting for the Parts or Di-" vision aforesaid, and they are " hereby required," and insert "One " of the said Commissioners/'instead thereof.

Pr. 14.

Wildmort Fen Allotment Bill, fulled.

2 3 ° — 24° Junii. . 1801.

Pr. 14. 1. 23. After " administer" to insert " and he " is hereby required to administer."

Pr. 47. 1. it* After " for" to insert " the Use of the " Owners and Proprietors of Houses, " Toftsteads, Lands, and Grounds "within."

1. 27. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to" and" in 1. 39.

Pr. 48. 1. i* To leave out " and" and after " Toftsteads" to insert " Lands, and " Grounds."

1. 6. To kave out " except such as are

" intended to be taken away by this " Act."

). n. To leave out " such respective Parish, " Township, or Piace," and insert " him, her, or them," instead thereof. 1. 21. To leave out "Commons" and insert " or General Allotments," instead thereof.

Pr. 50. T. 6. After "the" to insert " Use of the " Owners and Proprietors of Houses, ft Toftsteads, Lands, and Grounds, " within the said."

1. 7. To leave out "which by virtue of " this Act Avail be entitled to the " fame."

1. 9. After " and " to insert " the fame."

1. to To leave out from " in " to " relpec* " lively," in 1.13, and insert " them" instead thereof.

1. t8. After " other " to insert "Owners or " Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, " Lands, and Grounds,in any other." 1. 36. After "to" to insert "and for the " Use of the Owners and Proprictors of Houses, Toftsteads, Lands, " and Grounds, within."

Pr. 51. 1. 22. After "to" to insert "and for the " Use of the Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, Lands, " and Grounds, within."

1. 35. To leave out " such " and insert " the Owners and Proprietors of " Houses, Toftsteads, Lands, and " Grounds, within each," instead thereof.

IV. 52. 1. 12. After " to" to insert " and for the " Use of the Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, Lands, " and Grounds,within."

Pr. 55. 1. 19. To leave out " to be ascertained by " the Land Tax Assessment."

Pr. 67. 1. 29. After " to" to insert "and for the " Use of the Owners and Propric- " tors of Houses, Toftsteads, Lands,

" and Grounds, within."

1. 33. To leave out " Parish, Township, or " Place," and insert " Owners and " Proprietors, as aforesaid," instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and IVcjl Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison have, Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrolfcd Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called IVildm ore Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Timer

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to tire Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allotting Lands in Lieu of Tythes of the Lands to be sold for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 9. After " to " to insert " and for the " Use of the Proprietors of Houses, " Toftsteads, and Lands in."

1. 18. After " for" to insert " the Use of " the Proprietors in."

1. 22. After " for" to insert " the Use of the ' " Proprietors in."

1. 33. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of Line 2. in Press 55.

Pr. 55. 1. 14. After " for" to insert " the Use of " the Proprietors of Houses, Toft*. " (leads, and Lands within."

1. 24. To leave out " laid Parochial Commons" and insert " Right of " Common on such respective Parochial or General Allotments," instead thereof.

Pr. 56. 1. 23. After "for" to insert " the Use of " the Proprietors of Houses, ToftHeads, and Lands in."

1. 39. After " to" to insert " the Use of " any other Proprietors of Houses, " Toftsteads, or Lands in."

Pr. 57. 1. 21. After "to" to insert "orfor the Use " of the Proprietors of Houses, " Toftsteads, and Lands in."

Pr. 60. J. 5. After "to" to insert "or for the Use . " of."

1. 18. To leave out " which" and insert " whose Use," instead thereof.

1. 29. To leave out " which " and inlert " whose Use," instead thereof.

Pr 76. 1. 17. After "for" to insert " the Use of " the Proprietors of Houses, Toftftcads, and Lands within."

And the livid Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called IVildmoreFen, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24° 7i

unti;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AMelTaee by Mr. Quanne, Yeoman Ulhcr of the Royal Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do dehre the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And bein£ returned;

Mr.

linens r iving Eilf,

r iiibvi.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of 'Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal High-

ness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gluu-

(ester, the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of C, the Lord High Chancellor, and the Lord Hobart, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain:

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as, since the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices:

An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland:

An Act for altering the Laws now in Force relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof:

An Act to continue, for IVenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty-flfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Hoads leading from the Town of Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at West bury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Mirftcricy,in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Saland; and also for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting, other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery:

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at, or near to The Lama Inn, otherwise Fletcher's, Public House, in the Township of , in the Parish of

Bolion-in the-Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at, or near to Lane End, otherwise Fcc/eLane End, in the Township of Hoghton,in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County

Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish o i Louth, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tything or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of G-oucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of

An ingrossed Bill for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and Vo L. 56.

keeping in Repair, she Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are, and shall be made, upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baronels Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which arc, and shall be made, upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Little Abing-and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, *®* ,nc,°re Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common ‘P-1 e Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge, w-as read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing a former Map or Survey to be used.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, seventh Reappointed to consider of the present High Price of Pro- Port irom visions, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be IbfHcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House being informed that Mr. Jemer, from the Account re-Admiralty Office at Doflors Commons, attended at the |P^"sNeu-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to j," tented', the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Neutral Ships detained and brought into Great Britain and Ireland, by His Majesty's Ships of War, and Private Ships bearing Letters of Marque, continued from the 30th December 1796 to the 9th February 1801, inclusive; distinguishing the Nature of their Cargoes, and their Condemnation or Release by the High Court of Admiralty of England, with Freight and Expences, or otherwise; with the Date of such Condemnation or Release.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

7 U An

24° Juniu

A. 1801.

teflon on An ingrossed Bill for Continuing the Term, and en-ue V'T'n Urging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year jwi*ed. ' of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate in the Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of on the Green, irt the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at cr near the South End of the Town of iVeflon on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

wittekind Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom and Werner's the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony Wittekind and Christopher Henry Werner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln, and Hamlet of Grebby, in the same Parish, was committed.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said -Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure,had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

FWh Bounties Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill, passed. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of Lo«-don and Westminster, and other Places, in the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and and

other Places, in the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and dcfuc their Concurrence.

7

X/lil| 1C*

ported, and passed.

Serrmbv Inclosure Bill, reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Excite Rtgu-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for the better Re- Blll> gulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And. that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing the r^. ' Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues,

Wrought Stone and Marble, and granting another Duty in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone and Marble, and granting another Duty in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Cirds Duty Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His Blll> P*fled' Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for Relief Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to protest and re- £^P‘n"tl,al lieve, under certain Provisions and Regulations, Spiritual paired. ' Persons from vexatious Prosecutions by common Informers, under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, in consequence of their Non-residence on their Benefice*, or their taking of Farms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to stay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ftrms.

Ordered, That Mr. Diekinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* or-

Account of the Actual Value of all Foreign Produce ex- <ie(clJ_:__

ported, and of all Produce imported, for the last Two Actual Value

Years. v of Exports

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an a" mp° Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount fmpio^ed?1* of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, that belonged to the several Ports of the Brit if?} Empire'on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector p re rented. General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, purl'uant to their Order,

An Account of the Actual Value of all Foreign Produce exported, and of all Produce imported, for the last Two Years.

Mr. Irvingalfo presented to the House,

A Paper,

Appendix (No. 40.)

Fetcham Inclosure Bill, faffed.

Report on

Standing Orders relative to Inclosure Bills, further consider-cd.

Bill for con-iblidating the Provisions in Atts of Inclosure reported*

West Indies, ice. Prize Courts Bill, passed.

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the

Honourable House of Commons, dated 24th June " 1801, for an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of " Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the " fame, that belonged to the several Ports of the " Empire on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, 1786, " 1787, and 1788."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account and Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham,in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and incloting, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confederation the Report which, upon Monday I aft, was made from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Sturges, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating, in One Afl, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadts usually required on the passing of such Acts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrafted) for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America-, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the

Vol. 56.

Junii. 627

Bill, by Way of Ryder; for limiting the Emoluments of the Judges.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America-, and for giving a more speedy and efteflual Execution to th» Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland, for a certain Period, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to tl.e House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for directing the Application of several Sums, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, or other Public Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better securing to Constables, and others, the " Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for " allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to " give Evidence against Felons;" and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Bill to repeal the Tax on lrish Absentees, reported.

The Lords

have agreed to-

Dublin Society Bill.

Bill to amend

Atts resetting Land Tax Redemption.

Hair Powder and Armorial Bearings Transfer Bill,

Printers Indemnity Bill.

ConftaJbles Expences Bill.

B ilhwick V lying, &c. Bill.

Roods'Patent Bill/

Amendment

to Campbell's Divorce Bill.

Sfaxton In-

clol'ure Bill, with Amendments.

Little

Weeton, &c. IncMure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Irish Rebellion Indemnity

Bill.

II ayes* Divorce Bill.

Bill for ware-housing of Kum in Ireland, reported.

628 2 a0 Junit. 1801.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, fteaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bath-uick, in the County of Somerset; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Matthias Koops, Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances, to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with JeJfy Campbell his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again; and for. other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Failures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton,in the Parish of Wilier by, in the East hiding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Town ship, and also, of Lands within the Town ships of Binninglon and Willerby, in the Parish of IVillerby aforesaid; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Little Weeton and Riplingham, within the Township of Little Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the Eall Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Riplingham, and Hunjley, in the same Township, Parish, and Riding; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted, lince the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same in Ireland before Payment of the Duties of Excile charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Preservation of 'Timber in The New " in the County of Southampton; and for alccrtaining " the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands " of the Crown within the same," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was read the First 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fift)cries carried on at Neivfotmdland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe-, to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights;to the making the Port of Saint John,

in the Island of Antigua, a tree Port; to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or Scate, in Neutral Ships; to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made ot Fiax; to the reviving and continuing an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Iteign, for the more e tic dual Encouragement of the British Fftlierics; and

New Forest

ConimilT.onf Bill> reported.

InfliRebfr.ion Indemnity Bill, read.

Irish American Trade Bill, reported.

Expiring Liws Bui, reported.

a i Geo. III. 124° Junii. 620

for making perpetual lb much of an A<R, tflade irt the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as rc-

lates to.ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Hydrometer, was committed, the Amendments Which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they

had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then , ingrossed.

Ham's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce Eil', to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with

rnd- Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report on The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

Company"'* into further Consideration the Report from the Corn-Revenue Ac- mittee of the whole I louie, to whom it was referred to ther'eon-consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were fidered. presented to the House upon the 8th Day of May iatt, and the 8th Day of this Inilant June, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company.

And the Thirteen First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " Twenty," and inserting the Words " Twenty fix," in fie ad thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lb amended That, it appears, that the Annual Revenues of Company

at the Presidencyof Bomand the Settlements lubor'-dinate thereto, for the Year 1800-1801, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombas, to amount to Twenty-six Lacs Seventy Thousand Eight Hundred and' Eighty-fi ven Rupees.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

'irish Com Mr. Brugge, according to Order, reported from the

.Bounties, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to por-eZ alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland, and fof providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and thediflilling of Spirits from Corn or Crain in was committed, the Amendments which the.Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill fluff be then ingrossed.' - -

' Vox.. 56.

Mr. Bragge Reported from the Committee, Appointed Secondkeport to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills of Iriclosure, and to report the tiveto fame, with their Opinion thereupon, and who were era-powered to report, from Time to Time, to the House That the Committee had furtbet considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to A Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth 5 viz:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Bills for the Purpose of inclosing small Tracts of Land, not exceeding Three Hundred Acres, and effecting the same by Clauses usual in such Bills, shall be confide red, as to the Payment of Fees, only as Single Bills; and that those for the inclosure of small Tracts of Land, to be effected as above, not exceeding One Hundred Acres, shall be subject only to the Payment of-Half the Bill Fees due on a Single Bill; the Adrrreafureme'nt, in both Cafes, to be proved according to such Form as may , be prescribed by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1

The Order of the Day being read; fej; the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the tvKblc- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Irish Courts Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in Personal A ft ions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time -To-morrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying Trumpin^wn in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common inclosure Bin, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waftfc paUe ' Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering the Commissioners to fell Part of the Allotment, in Lieu of Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon thfc Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be nude Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Application of 'the Money to arile by such Sale.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that the Matter and Fellows of Trinity College, and the Vicar, shall pay olF a Fortieth Part of the Money tailed by Sale every Year, for Forty Years.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, te be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Money so paid by the Impropriator and Vicar, shall be invested in Land, after Forty Years.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upQh tfa*

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the F^ouse, t» be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

7 X Then

D , ized by

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be nude to the Bill;

Pr. 42. 1. it* To leave out from " aforesaid," to the Second " And," in Pr. 43. 1. n.

Pr. 55. ]; 36. 't'o leave out. from " reflectively," to " And," in Pr. 57. 1. 8:

And the said Amendments were, upon* the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pafst And that the Title be. An Act for allotting; inclosing; and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open. Fields; Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons; and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence;

Stitnntntie- . Ordered^ That there belaid before this House; ah fprtfine Bri- Abstract Statement of the Comparative Rates of Freight dil'^Extr" between British and Indian Extra Ships, taken from the Ships,ordered. Charges, Out and Home; in the Years 1797, 1798, 175*9, 1800, and 1801.

ftottiflnm in- An ingrossed Bill for allotting, inclosing, and laying pared!Bl11' ‘n Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Boitisham, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Claul'e was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering the Coinmil-fionets to fell Part of the Allotment, in Lieu of Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of- Ryder, directing that a Fortieth Part of the Money, raised by Sale, shall be paid off every Year, for Forty Years.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Money so paid, shall be inverted in Land, after Forty Years.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 41.1. 34. To leave out from aforesaid," to the Second " And," in Pr. 42.1. 38.

Pr. 79. 1. 34. To leave out from " Award," to " and'1' in 1. 40.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severally, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Waste Lands, within the Parish of Rv.field, in the County of Middle [ex, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering the Conunissioners to fell Part of the Allotment, in Lieu of Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Cause was oft'ered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Claul'e was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that a Fortieth Part of the Money raised shall be paid off" every Year, for Forty Years.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was oft'ered to be added to' the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Money so paid shall be inverted in Land, after Forty Years.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by WaV of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following Was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.51.l- 20.' To leave out from " respectively/* to " and/' in Pr. 52. 1. 3.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open andf Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe'Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tc-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 50 die yunii;

Anno 41° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration LordsAmtnd-the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing, and allotting in Severalty, indoiurc^ilt the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common agreedtu. Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings of JVilsford, otherwise Wills ford Daunt fey, otherwise Willesford Dauntfey % in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 42. i. 7. Leave outor exchanged Lands."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

13

Si

C

h

a

Enfield inclo- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open *'ajrcdl11' and £°mmon Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas p c % Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and *

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields,

Lords Amendments to fcaint Ives Inclosure Bill, a greed to*

tords Amend-teent* to Croydon and Rotherhithe Canal Bill, agreed to.

41 Geo. lit 25°

V % '

Fields, Meadows, Commons, Snd Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L 15. After " in," insert " the Open Fields " of."

Pr. ro. 1. 8. After " Act," insert " to be given."

Pr. 42. 1. 14. After x‘ Burftellars," insert " or of any ' " other Lands and Grounds to be

" allotted to the said Thomas laston White, by virtue of this " Act."

' 1. 18. Leave out " thereof," and insert " of

" the said Allotment so set out by tc virtue of the said recited Act."

Pr. 45.1. 34. Leave out " other."

Pr. 46. 1. 22. After *c Afllgns," insert " Impropria-tors as aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second . Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Conlkleration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of , in the County of Surrey, into the River Thames, at or near a certain Place, called Baltic Wharf, in the Town of Rotherhithe, in the said County j and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and , and the

District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 6. Leave out from the" to " will," in Line 10, and insert " Grand Surrey " Canal, in the Parish of " Paul, Deptford, in the County " of Surrey."

Pr. 6. L 37- Leave out from " the" to " and, " in Line ultimo, and insert " Grand " Surrey Canal, in the Parish of " Saint Paul, Deptford, in the " County of Surrey."

Pr. 7. 1. 22. Leave out " River Thand insert " Grand Surrey Canal, in the Manner herein after mentioned."

Pr. 28. 1, 19. Leave out from " Canal" to " and, " in Press 34, Line 19, and insert Clauses (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) (E.) and (F.)

Clause (A.) " Whereas an Act hath passed in this present Session of Parliament, for " making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River " Thames, at or near a Place called " Wilkinfou sGun Wharf, in the " Parish of Saint Mary, at Rot herhit he, in the County of Surrey,

" (with divers Collateral Cuts or " Branches therefrom) to several 4< Places therein particularly mentioned, and which is called The

" Grand Surrey And whereas the Lines of the said Grand Surrey " Canal, and the Canal hereby authorized to be made, will crols " each other at or near a certain " Field, marked Number 17 on " the Plan hereinbefore mentioned,

" and Number 72 on the Plan of

VOL. 56.

6$i

lt the Grand Surrey Canal, which " is depefited in the parliament " Office, and which Field is in the ' " Occupation of John Holcombe, and " is situate in the Parish of Saint " Paul, Deptford; Now be it turther Enacted, That in case that " Part of the Line of the said Grand " Surrey Canal, which extends from " the said Field, Number 17, and " Number 72, as aforesaid, to the " Thames at Rotherhithe, shall be " completed so as to answer the " Purposes intended by tins pretent " Act, within the Space ot Three " Years, from the Twenty-fotirth " Day of June Instant, then that " the Canal hereby authorized to " be made shall terminate at the " Field, Number 17, and Number " 72, hereinbefore mentioned, and " shall there communicate with the " said Grand Surrey Canal."

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That the " Water of the Rivet Thames shall be permitted, at all Times, to flow " by Mean?of the said Grand Surrey " Canal into tire laid Canal,

k‘ so as not only to answer the of Navigation thereon, but " also all other Purposes to which.

the Water of the River Thames " may be used orapplied by the Proprietors of the said Croydon Canal,

" by virtue of this Act: Provided " always, that it shall not be lawful for the Proprietors of the said " Croydon Canal to pump or draw " Water out of the said Grand " SurreyCanll, when the Water " therein shall be Six Inches below " the Waste Weir, which i. to be " placed on the said Grand Surrey " Canai, and which Weir is to be " Three Feet Six Inches under the " Height of an ordinary Spring " Tide, and that such Height shall " be ascertained by and

" Ralph Dodd, Engineers; or, in case " of their Disagreement, by an " Umpire to be named by them,

" and which said Umpire the said " John Rennie and Ralph Dodd are " required to appoint, withinThree " Calendar Months after the pacing " of this Act."

Clause (C.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That in case the said " John Rennie shall die, or decline to " aft, before such Height of Tide " shall be settled as aforesaid, then " the said Croydon Canal Company " shall within Three Calendar " Months after his Death, ordeclining to act, appoint another Engineer in his head; and that if the " laid Ralph Dodd shall die, or dedine to act, before such Height of* " Tide shall be settled as aforesaid, " then the said Grand Surrey Canal " Company shall within Three Calendar Months after his Death, " or declining to act, appoint another Engineer in his stead; and " that in case any such future Engineers, or U mpire, shall die«r de c 1 ine

to

633 ^5 Junii.A. 1801.

to act, before the Matter aforesaid " shall be settled, then, to often as " the same thall happen, the Place " or Places of such Engineers or " Umpire, shall, within One Calendar Month next after any such " Death or Refusal, be supplied in the tame Manner in which his or " their Appointment was originally " made "

Clause (D.) " And be it further Enabled, That the " Bason, Wharfs, Warehouses, and " other Conveniences, which thall , " be made by the Proprietors of the said Croydon Canal, for the Use " of the Trade of the same Canal,

" shall be made and erected on the " East Side of the said Grand Surrey "Canal, and on the South Side of " the Baton intended to be made,

" and already staked out, for the " said Grand Surrey Canal, and not " within One Hundred Yards of " the said last mentioned Baton;

" and that such Baton, Wharfs,

" Warehouses, and other Conve- -niencies, lb to be erected by the u Proprietors of the said Croydon " Canal, shall be uted exclusively for the Trade of the said Croydon y Canal."

Clause (Ed "And be it further Enacted, That in " case that Part of the said Grand " Surrey Canal which extends from " the Field, Nutnber 17, and Nurnber 72, before mentioned, to a " certain Place called Wilkinforf s " Gun Wharthall not be open and " completed for the Purpose of " Navigation, and the other Pur*

" poles of the Croydon Canal, before " the Twenty-fourth Day of June,

" One thousand Eight hundred and " Four, then that it shall be lawful for " the Proprietors of the said Croydon " Canal to cause the same to be " done, and to recover the Expence " attending the same of and from " the Proprietors of the said Grand " Surrey Canal, by an Action to " be brought against them by the " Proprietors of the said Croydon " Canal, in any of His Majesty's " Courts of Record at " Provided always, that the Proprietors of the said Croydon Canal " shall not be at Liberty to cause " such Part of the Line of the said " Grand Surrey Canal to be made " as aforesaid, until the said Croydon " Canal shall be made, so as that " the Proprietors thereof shall be " prepared to use such Part of the " laid Grand Surrey Canal as aforesaid."

Clause (F.) "And be it further Enacted, That nothing herein contained thall extend, or be construed to extend " to prevent the Execution of the " said Grand Surrey Canal, in as " complete and ample Manner as " they are authorized to execute " the same by the said Act, subject " always to the Regulations herein* before enacted, reljpeding the

t£ Junction of the said Croydon " Canal and the said Grand Surrey " Canal."

Pr. 119. 1. 13. Leave out from " thereof," to " without," in Lines 14 and 15.

1. 25. Leave out from " ," to

" their," in Line 32.

Pr. 200. 1. 21. After the Firit " and, " insert "the " laid Grand Surrey Canal, or."

1. 30. Leave out from " Ad," to' " And" in Press 201,1. 24.

In the Schedule annexed to the Bill:

Pr. 208. 1. 20i Leave out the whole of the Line:

1. 22. Leave out the whole of the Line.

1. 2 a Leave out the whole of the Line.

1. 25. Leave out the whole of the Line.

In the Title of the Bill:

1. 4. Leave out from " the" to " and, " in Line 6, and infe*rt " Grand Surrey " Canal, in the Farish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of ."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Content to the said Alterations;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question fevetaliy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bray ye do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lardships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, failures, alid other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scrcmby, in the County of , was-

read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Patlures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons not resident ia Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons, not resident in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bra?ye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the Neiv Foreff, in the County " of Southampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of " the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within " the fame," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act, made in the 1 hirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of Timber " InTheNew Forefl, in the County of Southampton, and for

" ascertaining

Scremby In* cloinre iiiil, passed.

Bill to repe*l the Tax on Irish Ablen-tecs, passed*

New Forest Commissions Bill, passed.

ft: ?r *

4i Geo. III.

o cv *

25 junu.

<*33

Accounts to be printed.

LordsAmend-ments to Little Weeton, &c. inclosure Bill, agreed to.

" ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Fore ft, and of " the Lands of the Crown within the same."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Four last of the Accounts, which were presented to the House by Mr. William Eliot, upon the 25th Day of February

last, be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts, which were presented to the House by Mr. Robert Alitford, upon the 2d Day of last, be printed,

as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Little IVeetonand Riplingham, within the Townlhipof

Little IVeeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding

of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tytiies thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little IVeeton, Riplinghaand in the same Township, Parish, and Riding.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 70. 1. 6. After " made," insert Clauses (A.) and

(B-)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That no " Severance, Partition, or Apportionment, of any Lands or Hereditaments, out of which any such " Tythe or Corn Rent shall be made payable by virtue of this " Act, shall beconltrued to deprive the said Rector, or his Successors,

of any of his or their Remedies " Tor such Rent, or any Part thereof,

" but that notwithstanding any " such Severance, Partition, or Apportionment, the Whole of such " Rent shall continue to be payable " out of the Whole of such Lands " and Hereditaments, and every " Part thereof, and the said Rector,

" and his Successors, shall have the "like Remedies for the Recovery " thereof, as if no such Severance,

" Partition, or Apportionment, had " ever been made."

Clause (B.) "And be it further Enacted, That in " any Action of Debt, or on the " Cafe, hereafter to be brought by " the said Robot Croft or his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, for the " Recovery of the said Yeariy Tythe " or Corn Rents, or any Arrears " thereof, it shall be lunicient for " him or them to declare that the Defendant in i'uch Action is indebted unto the Plaintiff in so much Money for Rent due, and of Right, payable unto the Plaintiff, as Rector of the said Parish of Rowley, according to the Form of the Statute in such same made and provided, in Lieu and Satisfaction of all Tythe of Corn, Hay, and otherTytheableMatters,arifingon so many Acres of Land in the said Parish; and that if any Action of " Replevin shall be brought against " the said Rector, or his Successors,

" or his or their Bailiff or Bailiffs,

Vol. 56

it

U

if

ft

fi

ti

if

if

for any Distress by him or them made for the Recovery of such Rents, or any Arrears thereof, it shall be sufficient for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, in his or their Avowry or Cognizance, to allege that the Plaintiff in such Action, or the Tenant of the Land whereon such Distress wfas maeje, was indebted in manner aforesaid, in respect of the same Land, or of so many Acres of Land in the said Parish, whereof the Place of making the Distress was Parcel; and that in any Action to be brought by or against the Executors or Administrators of the said Robert Croft, or any of his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, or their Bailiff or Bailiffs, for the Recovery of the Arrears of such Rents, such Executors, Ad mini lira tors, and Bailiffs, shall have the same Benefit of this Act, as the Testator or Intestate might have had, if he had brought or defended such Action; and that in all such Actions the said Redtors, their Executors, Administrators, and Bailiffs, shall have the like Benefit of this Act, without specially pleading the same, as if this were a Public " Act."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dur.das do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^J‘5s(lmentJ Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, to'staxtonia-An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open cloture Bill, Arable Fields, Pallures, Cars, Common and Waite asreedt0* Lands, within the Township of Siaxton in the Parish of Wilier by, in the Fall Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Towmship, and also, of Lands within the Townships of Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of IVillerby aforesaid.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 21. After " mentioned" insert " if no " Action shall be brought and proceeded in concerning the same, as " herein after mentioned."

1. 9. After " Nefs" inlert " if no Action " shall be brought and proceeded " in concerning the same, as herein after mentioned."

]. 20. Leave out from " respectively " to " nor," in Line 24.

Pr. 32. 1. 29. Leave out " they shall have made " their" and insert "the."

1. 34. After " aforesaid " insert " shall be made in pursuance of this Act."

Pr. 41. 1. 4.)Leave out " they shall have made & 5J their" and insert " the."

1, 17. After " Nefs " insert " shall be made in pursuance of this Act."

After " made" insert Clause (A.)

Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if the said Vicar " shall, within Two Months next jY ' ‘‘ after

Pr. 19.

Pr. 44. 1. 21. Clause (A.)

II

a50 Junii.

A. 1801.

4* after the passing of this Act, be minded or desirous to have his Claims to the SmallTythes, Glebe Lands, and Right of Common,

" hereinbefore claimed to be due to him, and hereinbefore objected to as aforesaid, or any of them,

44 tried at Law, in Preference to having the fame, or any of them,

44 determined as aforesaid by the " said Commissioners, and shall give to the said Commissioners Notice in Writing thereof, and of the Name or Names of the Person or Persons against whom he shall be minded to bring his Ad ion or Actions concerning the same,

<c within the Time last above-men- mentioned (of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon as conveniently can be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties,

44 or his, her, or their respective Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attornies, for the Time being)

44 then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Vicar to pro-<4 ceed to a Trial at Law for the Recovery of the same Tythesand Glebe Lands, and Right of Common,or any of them respectively, 44 at the next Assize or next Assizes but One to be holden for the County of York, after the passing of this Act, (unless the Court shall fee tit to put off the fame) 44 in a feigned Action or Actions, 44 for that Purpose to be commenced in One of His Majesty's 44 Courts at Wcjltninster by the said Vicar, and the Detendant or De- fendants in such Action or Ac-414 tions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, and appear and accept One or more Issue or Issues, 44 whereby such Claims respectively may be properly tried and deter- mined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced, 44 if the Parties differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Ver- dids which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive to the said Vicar, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate whomso- ever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall let alide such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a 44 new Trial to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to 44 do, as is usual mother Cafes; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto, in making Com- penfution for the same Tythes

<? and Glebe Lands, and Right of Common respectively, and the

44 Costs and Charges payable by the

45 Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, respecting the laid Claim of the said Vicar to the said Tythes in Staxton aforesaid, shall be paid and discharged by the said Commissioners, and shall be deemed Part of the Charges and ExpencCs of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution,

44 and shall be raised and recovered as such; but if no such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners within the Time aforesaid, or if no such Action or Ac- tions at Law shall be brought or commenced as aforesaid, or if,

44 after bringing such Action or Actions, the same shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials as aforesaid, then, and in any of the said Cafes, the said Claims of the said Vicar shall be determined as aforesaid by the said Com*

44 missioners, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles DunJas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. John Clementfoh, Accounts of from the Commissioners for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the tented?*^ opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book intituled, One Year's Account of Mr.

44 Clement Jen, Treasurer to the Commissioners of West- minder Bridre* from the cth of April 1800 to the cth of April, So,.-

44 And also, the Minutes of their Proceedings to the id May 1800."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.'

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the 1 louie.

The laid Book is nreferved amongst the other

A O

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for ware-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British land, pufrj. Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, beiore Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors ol Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties ol Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Ware-houses, at their own Expence, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Light hundred and x Eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordereds

4i Geo. III.

2 50 Junti.

635

Irish American Trade Bill, paised.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America,

during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the said States.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire 'their Concurrence.

Irish Com Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

pufed.1" BlI1> Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to alter the Bounties , payable on YVheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland, and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland, and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tjcpinngr Laws Bill, parted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at NewJound/a>id, and Parts adjacent, from Great,

Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe-, to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and to the making the Port of Saint John, in the Istand of Antigua, a free Port; to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships; to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the reviving and continuing an A<ff of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Iteign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual lb much of an A<5f, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

R Joined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at and Parts

adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the QueenlandSeas, and Davis's Streights, until the

Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to the making the Port of Saint John, in the Istand of Antigua, a Free Port, until the Tenth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Snips, until the End of the War, and Six Months alter the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One Vot. 56.

thousand Eight hundred and Six, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a'Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; lor reviving, continuing until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and Two,

and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-leventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holjord and Mr. Leeds:

Afr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Hi/ion Saint Andrew, and Hijon Saint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Aleadovvs, Failures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Hornjea, in the Parish of Jea, in the East Riding of the County of York-, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Kinnerjey, in the County of Herejord; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to -

the-Hill, in the County of MidJleJex; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by the Commons to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Fines and Forfeitures Bill.

Hifton and

Impington inclosure Bill.

Homfea InJ closure Bill.

Kianerfley,

&c. Incloliire Bill.

Paddington and Harrow Road Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords deli re a Conference respe^ling In* solvent Debtors Bill*

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference Houseagfeeto with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships. a ercncc'

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for consolidating, in One Act> ^e/0* certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, pr0viiion$m and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several AftsoHncio*. Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, was, l re'l' according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for setting out public Roads.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Fencing Roads, and appointing Surveyors.

And

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Revived, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfelr into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Trench took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Trench reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Trench accordingly reported from the said Com-rtiittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, fop investing Purchase Monies, in certain Cafes, where the Sum shall exceed £300.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Sum shall be less than £. 200.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Sum shall be less than £.20.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Dillance that Witnesses shall be required to travel.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlebe, An Act for consolidating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several' Fads usually required on the pasting of such Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The i.orJj A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr, have paiied Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Downing The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

College Dill, changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting the proper Buildings thereon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MelFcngers withdrew.

Sill read. And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed Third Rqx>rt to take into Consideration what additional Orders> and fr?mCom-what other Regulations, it may be proper to make rela- orde?sreffc&. tive to the Proceedings of this House in consequence of ing Ireland, the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as foil owe th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Orders and Resolutions of this House, relative to Private Bills, here referred to; viz. One upon the 26th May 1685, — One upon the 13th May 1690, —

One upon the 31 It March 1699, — Second and Third upon the 24th November 1699, — One upon the 12th November 1705, — One upon the 15th January 1705,

— Two upon the 13th March 1716, — One upon the 13th June 1751, — Two upon the 12th March 1752, — *

One upon the 5th May 1773, — Two upon the 13th April 1774, — Four upon the 25th April 1774, — Two upon the 15th November 1775, — One upon the 14th March 1781, — Three upon the 23d May 1786, — Two upon the 20th May 1791, — Two upon the 17tlx November 1797, — One upon the 22d December 1797*

— and One upon the 27th June 1799, — Pnould be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That there be Twenty-one Days at least between the First and Second Reading of every Private Bill relating to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, before any Petition be presented to this House for confirming or prolonging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty to any Person or Persons, on Account of any Invention, Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in I'he London Gazette (and also Three Times in one of the Edinburgh Papers, where the Letters Patent extend to Scotland, and also Three Times in "The Dublin Gazette, where the Letters Patent extend to Ireland) in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; and that such Notice shall have prefixed to it, in Capital Letters, the Name by which the Invention is usually distinguished, and ilnll contain a distinct Description of the Invention for which such Letters Patent have been obtained, and also an Account of the Term of their Duration; and that the Chairman of the Committee, to whom the Petition for confirming or prolonging the Term of such Letters Patent, is referred, do report to the House how tar the Order contained in the said Resolutioa has been complied with.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, before any Bid of Divorce for Adultery do pass this House, Evidence be given before the Committee to whom the said Bill shall be committed, that an Action for Damages has been brought in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, against the Persons supposed to be guilty of Adultery, and Judgment had thereupon; or sufficient Cause be shewn to the said Committee, why such Action was not brought, or such Judgment was not obtained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons concerned in Interest in Private Bills relating to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,do personally attend the Committee to give their Confcnts, or do signify the same to One of the Judges of that Part of the United Kingdom, whole Certificate shall be taken as Proof of such Content, unless the Committee, to whom any Petition or Private Bill shall be referred, shall otherwise order.

Resolved,

Second Report on Standing Orders rela-tire to Inclosure Bills, to be printed.

tVbate ort Motion re-jpe^ting the Fublic Debt 01 5th Ji*. 1786, further adjourned.

Debate on

Morion re-I'pe^ting the l'oblic Debt, &c. on lit Feb. 1793, further adjourned.

41 Geo. III. 25° — 26° yuniu

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Private Bills relating to that Part of the United Kingdom called Inland, the Notices required by the Standing Orders of this House, and the Allegations in the Preamble of such Bills, may be proved before any Judge of that Part of the United Kingdom, whose Certificate shall be admitted as Evidence of such Proof having been made, unless the Committee, to whom any Petition or Private Bill shall be referred, shall otherwise order.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for resuming, Tomorrow, the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January 1786, £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of£. 1,373,550 j that, on the 1 ft of February 1793, Stock, to the Amount of £.10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt on the 5th of January 1793 to £.227.989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670; and that, on the ift of February iSoi, Stock to the Amount of £.36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.123,477, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, and Stock to the Amount of £.16,083,802, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, reducing the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the 1 ft of February 1801, to£ii86,047,884, and the Annuities to £.1,250,073, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Monday last, for resumingj Tomorrow, the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt, on the 1 ft of February 1793, was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £.1,373,550, of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £.10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt, on the ift of February 1793, to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670; and that, on the ift of February 1801, Stock to the Amount of £.36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock to the Amount of £.16,083,802, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, and Annuities to the Amount of £-123,477, had fallen in, reducing, on the 1 ft of February x 801, the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, to £.186,047,884, and the Annuities to£.1,250,073, might be read.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Vol. 56.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26* die *Junii\

Anno 41* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1801;

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration ifdj

the Amendments made by the Lords to the Amendments Bill, intituled, an Act for amending, widening, im- and Harrow°n proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Road Bid, Paddington, to Harrow-on-the-Hill,in the County of

Middlesex.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 67. 1. 16. Leave out " King's Bench" and insert " Common Pleas."

54.1. 25. Leave out from "aforesaid" to "And" in Pr. 96. Line 23.

The said Amendments being levcrally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Frere do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of

the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; Expences he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fonrd^re^s. House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Par- tion of the1

iiament, Presented*'

An Account of the Expences incurred for the Pay- l>r en ment of Salaries to Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers, under the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for discharging the Incidental Expences attending the Execution of those Acts, from the 5th January 1800 (the Period to which the last Account presented was made up) to the 5th April 1801 (being Five Quarters) as far as the same can be ascertained.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Time being come, for the Conference with the committee Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments appointed to made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act conference, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steele, Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Tierney, Mr. Bragge, Sir JVi/Jiam Andcrjon, Mr. Corry, Mr. Mr. Ca/craft,

Sir John Honviaood, Mr. Trench, Mr. Sturges, Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Morten Pitt, Mr. Adams, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. Charles Dundas.

Then the Names of the Managers were called oyer; Conference and they went to the Conference. held, and re-

And being returned; '

Mr. Steele reported. That the Managers had met the Lords, at the Conference; and that the Earl of Rofslyn managed the same on the Part of the Lords; and acquainted the Managers on the Part of the Commons, that the Lords had agreed to the First and Second Amendments made by the Commons to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent

7 Z Debtors;

63 8 26° Junii. 1801.

Debtors; but that, as to the last of the Amendments made by the Commons to the said Bill, the Lords had disagreed thereto; and they gave their Reasons for disagreeing to the fame; which Reasons he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Twice read; and are as followeth j viz.

The Lords have agreed to the First and Second Amendments made by the Commons to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors; but that, as to the last of the said Amendments made by the Commons to the said Bill, the Lords have disagreed thereto; and directed us to offer the following Beafons for disagreeing to the fame:

Because their Lordships are not aware of any Hard-ftiip or Inconvenience having ensued from the Law as it now stands; on the other Hand, it appears to their Lordships, that requiring the Consent of Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, is a just, expedient, and necessary Controul over the Conduct of the Bankrupt:

Because the Conduct of the Bankrupt, antecedent to the issuing the Commission, may, in many Cafes, with great Justice, be taken into the Consideration of allowing his Discharge.

And the Question being put. That this House doth insist upon the Amendment made by this House, to which the Lords have disagreed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House doth not insist upon the Amendment to which their Lordships have disagreed.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, thVtfoufethe "^at ^ere be laid before this House, the Names of Names of cer- the Person or Persons whose Official Duty it was to ♦f'"' Pfrfons, have prepared, and presented to this House, an Account, hi rdwn. pursuant to the Orderof the 28th Day of last, of the several Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan or Subsidy to different States, from the Commencement of the present War; together with an Account of the Interest received on such Sums as have been advanced by Way of Loan.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Lor<U have agreed to

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£-6>S00>0*°‘)

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£.3,000,000.)

Vote of Credit Bill.

ConfolMated Fund Bill. I

I ri:h Sugar Drawback Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consoliclated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland-, for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: Arid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the Twentieth Day of May 9

One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for Ex. Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, with-Out Payment of any Duty, under certain Uestrictions; land, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Horse Drain* Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of Transfer Withe Duties on Licenses for uling or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to com-Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal, against His Majesty' S toms and Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Excilc- Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Public Boards in this Kingdom; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newfoiwd-Act for allowing, until the First Day of One Bill. ' f

thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador; and for granting a Bounty thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Notaries Bill Act for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ^Drainage Deeping, Langtoft, Bast on, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and and Iadoim* Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kejleven and BiJ1*

Holland, in the County of Lincoln -, and also, for draining Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and adjoining, or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Laads in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and IVclland-, and also, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preservinghhe several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ^oiUrcBUi.0' Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of LittleBytkam, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lrtcomb Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and faffgjncl°* inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow,in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks; and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and East Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and the Parish of Letcomb Bajfett, in the same County; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cambridg* Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and £"ts° Bill other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called Saint with an Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Amendment. Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedift, and Stint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge;

The Lords have pafl'ed* Ubele's Nat. Bill.

Witnesses Oath Bill.

Motion for a Bill to regulate the Trade of Corn Factors, withdrawn.

Jri&Rebellion Indemnity Bill, committed.

Ubele's Nat. Bill, read.

Witnesses Oath Billy read.

Foreigners Debts Bill, read.

Third Report from Committee on Orders respecting Ireland, re-committed.

Third Report on Standing Orders, relative to Inclosure Bills.

41 Geo. III. 26° — 2j° Junii. . 639

bridge; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords delire the Concurrence oT this House: And all'o.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christian to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Judges, to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mertfengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for regulating the Trade of Corn Factors in the City of London.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to authorize -the Judges, to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, And other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was Yeixerday made from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration what additional Orders, and what other Regulations it may be proper to make, relative to the Proceedings of this House in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and to report the fame,

with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

Mr. Fraggereported from the Committee, appointed

to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon; and who were Vo 1. 56.

empowered to report, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had further considered the Matters to them referred, arid had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where' the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two Standing Orders of the House, of the 15th Day of April 1774, and One of the 15th Day of November 1775, relating to Bills of Inclosure, should continue in horcc.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the First St anding Order of the House, of the 14th Day of March 1781, that of the 3d Day of March 1800, the Secon.l, Third, Fourth, and Sixth of the Orders agreed to by the House on Monday last, relating to Bills of Inclosure, should be limited in their Construction, so as only to prevent any such Bill from containing Clauses contrary to any such Orders respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons concerned in Interest in any Bill for inclosing any Lands or Grounds, or for extinguishing any Right of Common therein, may signify their Consent to the same by Affidavit, taken and authenticated according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to a Bill, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, in One " Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of " Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving " the several Fasts usually required on the parting of " such Acts," unless the Committee, to whom the Petition or Bill for such Inclosure or Improvement shall be referred, shall otherwise order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Committee, to whom any Petition or Bill for the inclosing any Lands or Grounds, or for extin. guishing any Right of Common thereon, shall be referred, may admit Proof of the Notices required by the Standing Orders of this House, and of the Allega* tions in the Preamble of such Bill, by Affidavit, taken and authenticated according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to the said Bill, unless such Committee shall otherwise order.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee, That the Three last Resolutions shall not take Effect, unless the said Bill shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 7* die Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Meat Usher of the Black Rod: to B.U.,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient

to

to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prmce of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of Rofslyn, and the Lord Waif wham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for directing the Application of several Sums, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland-, for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies ' Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to amend an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax:

An Act for regulating, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland-, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland:

An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions:

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or uling Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions inrespect to the said Duties so transferred:

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also, for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred:

An Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions, and Letters of Marque and Reprisal, against His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty, as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excite, and other Public Boards in this Kingdom:

An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England:

An Act for allowing, until the First Day of fugujl One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador-, and for granting a Bounty thereon:

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors: An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing to Constables, and others,the Expences " of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the " Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence " against Felons;" and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cafes:

An Act for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England:

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or dif-perfe any Papers, printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, or other Public Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by Rca-son of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon:

An Act for enabling Matthias Koops, Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances, to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops:

An Act for paving, {leaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paliages, and public Places, within the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norzvood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of , with Water from the said Canal:

An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Deeping, Langtoft, Baflon, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cow-bit Commons, within the Parts of Kef even and Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and also, for draining Crow-land Common, or Goggushland, and certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and adjoining,

or lying contiguous to, the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland; and also, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, hereinbefore mentioned, or certain Parts thereof: An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Hornfea, in the Parish of Hornfea, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Town fb ip:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lunds in the Parish of in the County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the United Parishes of Hifon Saint Andrew and HijloSaint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tythings, of Wilsford, otherwise,

otherwise Willesford Dauntfey, in the County of Wilts:

Petition of Mr. W hit-tcigton,

Down ing College

KuL

Report on Hull Kiver Navigation Bill, further considered.

41 Geo. III. 27* JuniL641

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fieids, Pal'lures, Cars, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Township of in the

Parish of Wilier by,in the £aft Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and a'.so, of Lands within the Townships of Binning! on and Willerby,in the Parish of afore-

laid:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Little Weeton and within the

Township of Little IVeeton,in the Parish of Rowley, in

the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little IVeeton, RipUngham, and Hunfley, in the same Township, Parish, and Riding:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pallures, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Iiamlet of East Challow,in the Parish of Letcomb Re-

gis, in the County of Berks \and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and East aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the ft id Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Bafett, in the same County:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with JeJJy Campbell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing H Anthony and driftopher Henry Werner.

A Petition of Jacob John Whittington, Esquire, the Nephew and Devifec of Dame Margaret Downing, late the Widow and Relict of Sir Jacob Garrard Downing, Baronet, who was the Cousin and Heir at Law of Sir George Downing, Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for changing the S'cite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge,

and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of fuel) Sciie, and eroding the proper Buildings thereon; and Setting forth. That the fame, if parted into a Law, will materially affect and injure the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Elonday Morning next.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 19th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull anti Frodingham Beck, from " Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough, on the East Corner Vo L. 56.

" of Fisholme, and for extending the said Navigation " from the said Clough into, or near, the Town of " Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York and to extend and improve the said Navigation, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the Hou'e of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report ihto further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeon a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for indemnify- Bill, ing such Persons as have acted, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract Re. Abstract of the Answers and Returns made pursuant to ^on°^pU" an Act, passed in the 41st Year of the Reign of His dered.' present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the " Increase or Diminution thereof," in lb far as such Answers and Returns have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, up to the 26th Day of this Instant June.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act witnesse* to authorize the Judges, to whom Petitions for certain Oaih Bill, Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath, comiwtte ' was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to TotnefcWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eledling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable George Seymour, commonly called Lord George Seymour, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to piymptoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eledling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton Eatle, in the room of William Adams, Esquire, who hath accepted the

8 A Office

Ail d refs for Money to C'omnui-fionrrs of (Charitable Donations in Ireland.

Hall River Navigation Bill, passed.

Foreigners Pcots Hill, Committee.

Third Report on Staid nig Orders relative to Inclosure Hills, recommitted.

The Lords have agreed to

J:ifh Elections, &,c* Bill.

64a a 70 Junii. . i 8 o 1.

OlTice of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of died, in the County of Berks.

Resolved', That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Pounds, Irish Currency, be advanced to the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for amending an Act, ailed in the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Jajesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Discovery " of Charitable Donations and Bcqucfts;" and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the River " Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Beck Mouth to

" the Clough, on the East Corner of and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough " into, or near, the Town of Great Driffield, in the East " Riding of the County of ;"and to extend and improve the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the " River Hull and Fro ding ham Beck, from Aike Beck

" Mouth to the Clough, on the East Corner of " and for extending the said Navigation from the said " Clough into, or near, the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York ;" and to extend and improve the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilherforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be rc-committed to the same Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bili, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the First Day of May One tliou-sand Eight hundred and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliamenti without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where ltich Accommodations are not already provided; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to Mis Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham-, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway from the said Town, to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto; and for repairing the said Bridge; and like-wife, for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calver-ton and Woolverton, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by l'uch Sale in the Manner therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townfiiips of Everton, Scaftworth,

Miflerton, and IValkeringliam, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracis of Land called JVildmoreFen, and The IVefl and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called I Vi Id-more Fen, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called and IVeji Fens, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Che/ston, otherwise Chdvcjton-curn-Caldecott in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The

Bill for Importation of British Hop* into Ireland,

Irish Judges

Accommoda-

tionsEill.

Irish Militia Pay Bill.

Addition^ Stamp Dune* Bill.

Stony Stratford Paving

Bill.

Everton, Scaft worth j &c. Drainage Bill.

Wildmore,&'c. Fens Drainage Dill.

WildmoreFen

Allotment

Dill.

East and West Fen* Allotment Bill.

Cheifton Tn-ciofure Bill.

Bill for Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, with Amendment*.

Bill to amend Hanworth,&c. InclosureAft, with an Amendment.

fcartwright's Patent Bill* with an Amendment*

Lords Amend-' merit to Cambridge Common Bights Bill, agreed to.

41 Geo. III. 270 — 2

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend lo much of an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Paltures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, " and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Ft!tham, and in *c the County of Middlesex," as authorizes and requires the Comini (honors to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andallo,

The Lords have agreed ro the JBii), intituled, An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and AlTigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Me dangers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 29* Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii III*U Regis, 1861. Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands, called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedict, and Saint Mary the Leys, in the Town of Cambridge.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. xo. I.9. Leave out from " notwithstanding " to " And " in Line 39.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lornships.

c>G yuntil 643

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Careiv, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trulls in such Indentures mentioned; for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and allure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Tellament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew; for enabling Richard Careiv, Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release, or Extinguishment, of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, Copyhold, and Customary Tenants of the said Manors re-lpcCtively: and also. the enfranchising or reducing to small Fines certain, the several Customary or Copyhold Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Hayes's Di- An Ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Anneficy reported from the Committee, to whom committed, so diffulvc the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Jones his now W ife, and to enable him to marry again, empowering certain Trustees therein named to carry and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annejley, Second Time. of Blctchington Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. and Thomas Bradford, of Ashdown Park, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the

mim e of the whole House. said Arthur Annejley, situate in the County of York, dif-

Rcfcived, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, charged of the Limitations created by his Marriage refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arile upon the said Bill. from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur

mittcc, That they do hear Counftl, and examine Writ- Annejley, of and his Iffuc Male, are entitled

nclles, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear under the Will of late of Lincoln's Inn

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, Fields, Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of

Counsel, or produce Witnesses. or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the fame

Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning Coold'tEfete Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom the settled Estates of the said Annejley, of

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ington, in the said County of Oxford, and for other Pur*"e for enabling Henry Michael Goold, Esquire, to charge poses, was committed; That the Committee had exa-certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Hawkins, Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their respective Minorities, was committed; That the their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Vol. 56. Committee;

Carew's Estate Bill, reported and passed.

Anneflev'* Estate Bill, re« ported, and passed*

lords Avr.end-ment to Kill to amend Han-worth, &TC. Inclosure Act, agreed to.

a 90 Junii.

A. 1801.

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him The said Amendment being read a Second Time, to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table, the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. . Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pal's. to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Ordered, That Mr. Annejleydo carry the Bill to the agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships. Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the same without any Amendment. THe House proceeded to take into Confederation, the

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting, for ail,meted lime, in the Reverend

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

44 the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Paf- tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

44 and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the " several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltliam, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex," as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 8. 1; 13. After proper " insert Provided always, That in case on such €* Trial it . shall be found that the Right and Interest of the said Lord of the Manor of Colkekingtonf otherwise Kempt on, in the Soil of some Part only of the said Waste Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor, had been by the said Agreement relinquished or fur- rendered up, and that the said Lord of the said Manor (till continued to be entitled to the Soil of the Residue of the said Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners ap- pointed in and by the said recited 4< Ad, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Waste Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishqs of Hanworth, Felt- ham, and Sunbury aforesaid, to set " out and allot unto the said Edmund Hilly his Heirs or Assigns, 44 such Plot or Plots of the said Residue of the said Waste Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor of Colkening/on, otherwise Kempton, to the Soil of which the c< said Edmund Hill shall be found to be entitled, as shall be equal in value to One-Sixteenth Part thereof,forandinLieuoftheRight and Interest of the said Lord of the said Manor of Colkenington, " otherwise Kempton, in or to the said Residue, and to set out and of allot the Whole of the said Waste Lands and Grounds, the Soil whereof shall appear to have been surrendered or yielded up by the said Lord of the said Manor of Colkenington, otherwise Kempton, 44 unto and amongst the several Persons interested in the said Waste Lands and Grounds (other than and except the Lord of the said Manor of Colkenington, other-9" wife Kempton) in Proportion to their respective Rights, Shares,

Admini(lrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certaiii Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. <50. After notwithstanding " insert Proviso (A.)

Pr oviso (A.) 44 Provided always, That no Person or Persons, who either by any direct Contract or Agreement with the u said Edmund Cartwright, or his Assigns, or by any legal Transfer of any such Contract or A^ree- ment; shall heretofore at any Time have become entitled to use any Woolcombing Machine or Ma- chines, so invented by the said Edmund Cartwright as aforesaid, ' 44 and who shall not have again abandoned the Use of such Ma-lc chine or Machines, nor shall cease to pay for working the same to the full Extent of the Term to which he, she, or they respectively contrafted or agreed, and ate now empowered to use such Machine or Machines, and who shall like- 44 wife have duly and justly performed every such Contract or Ageeement as aforesaid, shall be 14 subject or liable to pay any An- nual Rent, Premium, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, nor for any longer Term, other than 44 he, (lie, or they shall have respectively contracted or agreed to pay in that Behalf, nor shall, 44 from and after the Expiration of such his, her, or their Contract or Agreement, be in anywise hin- dered or obstruded in freely, and without Charge, using and work- ing such Machine, or so many Machines as he, she, or they shall be already so entitled to use, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Tyrrell, Remembrancer of the City of London, and Clerk to the IVed India Dock Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-luant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Statement of the Progress made by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in carrying into Exe-Provisions of the Act of Parliament

Papers respecting the Port of London, presented.

cution the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the Interests, and Property therein." 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An

Accounts respecting the Whale Fiftery, presented.

Account of Average Price of Grain, &c* presented.

Accounts pre-fen ted: Subsidies, See,

41 Geo. III. 190 Junii.

" An Act for rendering more commodious, and for " better regulating the Port of London And also,

A Statement of the Progress of the Docks, and other Works, authorized and directed to be made and done by the Directors of the West India Dock Company, in and by the Act of Parliament of the 39th Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the " Port of LondonAnd also.

An Account of all Monies received by or for the West India Dock Company, by virtue of the Act of Parliament for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, from the 24th Day of June 1800 to the 24th Day of June 1801; and also, of the Application of the lame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of tire House.

The said Papers and Account are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The htoufe being informed that Mr. Robert,

from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, An Account, so far as relates to Scotland, of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, employed in the Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Seal Skins and Oil, and Quantity of Head Matter, Oil, Blubber, and Whale Fins, caught by, and imported into Scotland, in Ships employed in the Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, r8oo, and 1801; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of Bounties paid in Scotland on Vessels employed in the Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, for the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801; distinguishing each Year; and specifying the several Clafies of Ships, and Amount paid to each Ship, and the respective Ports to which they belong.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Catherwood, Receiver of Corn Returns, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts of Grain, Flour, Meal, and Malt, in England and Scotland, respectively, between the 3th of January 1801 and the 20th of June following; distinguishing the Prices in each Week, Month, and Quarter.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this House.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, of the 28th Day of " May Jaft, for an Account of the several Sums of " Money advanced, by Way of Loan or Subsidy, to " different States, from the Commencement of the VOL. 56.

" present War; together with an Account of the Interest " received on such Sums as have been advanced by " Way of Loan :" inclosing,

An Account of Sums received at the Bank of England, for Loans to his Imperial Majesty, from the Commencement of the present War, and of Interest received on the same from the Agents of his Imperial Majesty; also, of Interest received on the same from the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all subsisting Pensions granted by the Crown during Pleasure, or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer; specifying the Amount of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom, and for Whose Benefit, such Pensions were granted. '

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Two last of the said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the First is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt, on the 1 ft of February 1793, was £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373*550, of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt, on the ift o f February 1793, to £.227,989,148, and the

Annuities to £.1,293,670; and that, on the ift of February 1801, Stock, to the Amount of 36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock, to the Amount of £.16,083,802, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, and Annuities, to the Amount of £. 123,477, had fallen in, reducing on the 1 ft of February 1801, the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War to £.186,047,884, and the Annuities to £. 1,250,073.

And the Question was again proposed.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of Stock created since the ill of February 1793 (including the Amount created by Sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament, and after deducting £.16,182,094, purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt) on the ift 0 (February 1801, is £.298,317,580; of which

Sum the Interest on £ 7,502,633 is payable by the Emperor of Germany; and the Interest on £.19,708,750 is payable by Ireland: And that Annuities have been granted, since the ift of February 1793, to the Amount of £.542,664; of which £.9,791 is payable by Ireland, and £. 230,000 by the Emperor of Germany.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt (including the Amount created by the Sums borrowed in the present Session, and after deducting £.52,281,656 purchased by the Commissioners, and £.16,083,802 transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed) was, on the ift of February 1801, £-484,365464, of which Sum £.27,211,383 is on Account of Ireland, and the Emperor of Germany j leav-

8 B ing

Pensions;

Appendix

(No. 56.)

Debate on Motion re spe£ting the Public Debt, &c. on 1 ft Feb* 1793>resumed.

Questions previous Ncg.

ing a Funded Debt chained on Great Britain £.457,154,081, including £.56,445,000, the Interest of which is to be defrayed, and the Capital redeemed, by the Tax on Income: And that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducing what have fallen in) was, on the ift of February 1801, in Short Annuities, and for Lives, about £. 540,000, and in Long Annuities, £. 1,007,000.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That, under the Heads of Treasury, Army, Ordnance, Barracks, Advances from Civil List, and . Ile-payments to be made for Services not voted, but paid out of Grants for 1800 (after deducting the Surplus of Ways and Means of that Year), Outstanding Demands, as far as the same can be made up, remained to be provided for, on the 5th of January 1801, to the Amount of £. 1,482,649:

That, exclusive of Anticipations of the Receipt of certain Taxes and Payments on Loans, to the Amount of £.8,489,800, the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills unprovided for, or provided for out of Funds which have proved insufficient, was, on the 5th of January 1801, £. 17,590,300:

That the Debt of the Navy remaining to be provided for, was, on the 5th of January 1801, £.8,705,886.

And that the Total Amount of Demands Outstanding, Navy Debt, and Exchequer Bills unprovided for, or provided for out of Funds which have proved in-.sufficient, was, on the 5th of January 1801, £.27,778,835; of which Sum £.6,832,649 has been (ince made good out of the Supplies of the present Session, leaving an , Unfunded Debt, hereafter to be provided for, of £.20,946,186, and exceeding by £.12,020,000 the Amount Outstanding in 1793;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Sum applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt was, on the ift of February 1793, £.1,427,143; and on the ift of February 1801, £.4,989,818, to which must be added £.492,100, being £. 1 per Cent, on the Loan of the present Year; making together the Sum of £. 5,481,918.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Annual Charge incurred by the Permanent Debt, on the 5th of 1793, was

£.10,325,866; including £.1,000,000, applicable to the Reduction of the Debt:

That the Annual Charge incurred by the Permanent Debt created since the 5th of January 1793 (exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland, and including the Charge incurred by the Loan of the present Session) is

£. 10,395,^46; of which Sum £. 2,335,624 is applicable to the Reduction of Debt; and that a further Charge of £.497,735 per Annum is guaranteed by Parliament, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, existing previous to the War, was, on the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000; and on the 5th of January 1801, £.14,194,539:

That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, imposed since the 5th of January 1793, was, on the 5th of January 1801, £.8,079,076:

And that the Total Amount of the Permanent Taxes was, on the 5th of January 1801, £. 22,273,615;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.19,659,358; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.18,685,390:

That the Total Official Value of all Imports, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801 (supposing the Imports from the East Indies, of which no Account has been made up, to be the same as in the preceding Year) was £.29,925,858; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1801, was £.25,259,890:

That the Total Official Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.18,336,851; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.14,771,049:

That the Total Official Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801, was £. 24,411,067; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1801, was £.20,085,198.

That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was£.6,568,346; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.5,469,014:

That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801, was £. 17,166,145; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1801, was £.12,868,043;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the Year 1801, may be estimated as follows;

Interest of the Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund, on 5th of January 1801, after deducting Interest payable by Ireland ——

Interest, &c. to be incurred and paid between the 5th January 1801 and the 5 th January 1802, on Stock created by Loans of the present Session, to the Amount of £.44,816,000 -

Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid in the Year ending 5 th January 1801 -

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the Articles of Union, of the Civil List, and other Charges on the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, amounting together to £.1,560,000 -

Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia, and Deserters Warrants, Bounties for promoting Fisheries, &c. &c. estimated to be the same as in the Year ended 5th January 1801 -

Charges of Management of Revenue, estimated to be the same as in the Year ended 5th January 1801 .

4

20,144,86

1,812,816

766,480

i>376>47°

*>35>549

1.699,225

Charges

4i Geo. III. 290 Junii.

Charges of collecting Income Tax, as Estimate.

Supplies voted for 1801, on Account of Great Britain ex-

clufively - - 6,726,790

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the Articles of Union, of the Supplies voted for Great Britain and

Ireland,amounting in the Whole to £.36,959,925 - -32,611,699

Total Amount of Supplies for 1801, to be defrayed by

Great Britain ——

Advance to Ireland ——

interest payable for Loans to Emperor of Germany....

39>338,489 2>500>oooo 497*735

Making in the Whole, the Sum of

.£ 68,923,970

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put j It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That it appears, by the Report of a Committee in 1791, that the Actual Expenditure of the Peace Establishment (including the Annual Million for the Sinking Fund) was, on an Average of Five Years, ending 5th January

1791 - .....16,8x6,985

That the additional Charge incurred by Debt created since 1793, exclusive

of interest payable by Ireland,is - - - - ioj395>246

That the additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, is, at £.4 per Cent. ----- 160,000

That the additional Charge to be incurred for interest, and £. 1 per Cent.

Sinking Fund, on £.3,000,000 due to the Bank, to be funded at 80, is - 150 100

That the additional Charge to be incurred for interest of Navy Debt, at

£. 5 per Cent, is about ----- -- - 28 {,000

That the additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund is 370,000

That the additional Charge incurred for a Sum Annually voted for the Redemption of the Public Debt, is - -- -- 200,00®

That the additional Charge for 18,000 Seamen, the Number employed in the last Peace, from Augmentation of Pay, Addition to their Provisions, and increased Price of Naval Stores, cannot be estimated at less than.....35J>00°

That the additional Pay to the Army on the same Number as in the last

Peace, deducting Stoppages, cannot be estimated at less than - - 170,000

That the increased Charge of Half Pay, and , cannot be estimated at

less than - - 130,000

That the increased Charges of the Ordnance, calculated on the same Numbers as in the last Peace, cannot be estimated at less than ... 49*5°°

And that the Peace Establishment of Great Britain (exclusive of any Charges

to be incurred by interest on Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War, exclusive of any Augmentation in the Naval or Military Establishments beyond the last Peace, and exclusive of £.497,000 interest due by the Emperor of Germany, and guaranteed by Parliament)

cannot be estimated at less than - £-29,077,731

647

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put 5

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Net Produce of the Tax on Income, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801 (exclusive of Voluntary Contributions) did not exceed the Sum of C 5>59°>53°-

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the Amount of Three per Cent. Stock (of which the interest is to be defrayed, and the Principal to be redeemed by the Tax on Income, is £.56,445,000.

And the previous Question being put. That that -Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, supposing the War to end with the present Year, the Net Annual Produce of the Tax on Income to be £.5,600,000, and the Three per Cents, to be, on an Average, at 80, the Sum of £.56,445,000, together with the interest thereon, would not be redeemed until the End of the Year 1811: And that the probable Annual Expenditure, during the First Ten Years of Peace (ex-Vol. 56,

elusive of any Charges to be incurred for Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War, or any Increase in the Naval or Military Establishments beyond the last Peace) cannot be estimated at less than £.^^,§00,000.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It pafl'ed in the Negative:

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Debate on journed Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount J^a-'^gThe of the Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January Public Debt, 1786, £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of reAuned. *' £.1,373,55°; that, on the ill of February 1793, Stock, to the Amount of £.10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt on the 5th of January 1793 to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670; and that, on the ift of February 1801, Stock, to the Amount of £. 36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.123,477, ^ad fallen in, and been carried to their Account, and Stock, to the

Amount

Resolutions

respetting

Finance.

29° Junii.

A. 1801.

Amount 0^.16,083,802, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, reducing the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ift of February 1801, to £. 186,047,884, and the Annuities to £.1,250,07 3.

Resolved, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January 1786,£.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £.1,373 That, on the lft of February 1793, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 79,880, had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt, on th* 5th of January 1793, to £. 227>989,'i48, and the Annuities to £. 1,293,670: And that, on the ift of February 1801, Stock to the Amount 0^.36,099,562, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 123,477, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, and Stock, to the Amount of £. 16,083,802 had been transferred to them, on Account of Land Tax redeemed, reducing the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ift of February 1801, to £.186,047,884, and the Annuities to £. 1,250,073.

Resolved, That the Capital of the Public Funded Debt created since the ift of February 1793, as the same flood on the ift of February 1801, together with the Capital to be created by Sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament, and exclusive of £.7,502,633 Three per Cent. Stock created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany, is £.306,997,792: That the Amount of Long Annuities created during the same Period is £. 312,664 per Annum, exclusive of £.230,000 created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany: That, of these Sums, £.19,708,750 Capital, and £. 9,791 Long Annuities, are on Account of; and £. 56,445,000

is charged upon the Tax on Income, leaving a Permanent Debt of £.230,844,042 charged on Great; and

that, on the ill February 1801, £.16,182,094 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, reducing the said Permanent Debt, created since 5th January 1793, to £. 214,661,948, exclusive of Long Annuities, to the Amount of £.302,873 per Annum-, of which £. 19,666 is now defrayed out of the Tax on Income.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Permanent Funded Debt charged on Great Britain, after deducting the Sum of £.52,281,656, redeemed by, and the Annuities fallen in to, the Commissioners, and £. 16,083,80a, transferred to them, on Account of Land Tax redeemed, was, on the ift of February 1801,£.400,709,832, together with Short Annuities to the Amount of £ .545,3 3 3, and Long Annuities to the Amount of £. 1,007,613, after deducting the Annuities provided for by Ireland.

Resolved, That the Sum Annually applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt, in pursuance of the Act passed in 1786, was £.1,000,000, being about i-238th Part of the Capital of the Permanent Debt then existing; and for 1793 was £.1,427,143, being about l-i6oth Part of the Permanent Debt existing in 1793, and may, for the Year 1801, be estimated at £.5,300,000, being about 1-7 6th Part of the Permanent Debt existing in 1801.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the Permanent Debt, on the 5th January 1786, was £.9,297,000 before anyFundwas created applicable to the Reduction of the Debt; and, on the 5th January 1793, was £. 10,325,000, including £. 1,000,000 applicable to the Reduftion of the Debt; in which Sum of£. 10,325,000 was included, on the 5th January 1793, the Interest of £.10,242,100 Capital Stock redeemed, and the Amount of Annuities fallen in or unclaimed, which had been transferred to the Commissioners, making together the

Sum 0^.387,143 ;and that the said Sum of£. 10,3 25,000 was reduced on the 5 th January 1801, by reason of Stock transferred for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and by Diminution in the Charges of Management, on Account of Sums redeemed by the Commissioners, to £.9,830,468, in which Sum is included the Interest ©n £.36,099,562 Capital Stock redeemed, and the Amount of Annuities fallen in or unclaimed, and transferred to the Commissioners, making together the Sum of £. 1,211,533.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the Permanent Debt of Great Britain, created since the 5th January 1793 (including£. 1,812,817 Permanent Interest, and Charge on Loan of the present Session) amounts to £.10,395,246 per , of which

£.7,581,238 is for Interest, Annuity, and Charges of Management, of such Part of the said Debt as was unredeemed on the ift February 1801, and £.2,814,008 arises from £. 1 per Cent. Sinking Fund on the Capital of the said Debt and Interest of Stock redeemed, and is applicable to the Reduction thereof; and that a further Charge of £.497,735 per Annum is guaranteed by Parliament, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany.

Resolved, That the Amount of the Outstanding Demands unprovided for on the 5th of January 1801, exclusive of Unfunded Debt, of the Anticipation of certain Duties Annually voted; and of £.151,643 for In-tcreft on Exchequer Bills made good in the last Session of Parliament, was £. 1,396,842: That the Surplus of Ways and Means for the Year 1800 was £.65,837, and £.499,004 remained unpaid, and applicable to the Public Service, on the Subsidies to the Emperor of Germany and the Elector of Bavaria, reducing the Amount of Demands unprovided for to £.832,001; the Whole of which has been provided for in the present Session.

Resolved, That the Unfunded Debt, exclusive of the Anticipation in the usual Form on certain Duties Annually voted, on the 5th of January 1793, amounted to £.8,925,422, and on the 5th of January 1801, to £.17,946,186, exclusive of £.3,000,000 advanced by the Bank, without Interest, for the Renewal of their Charter, and to be repaid in 1806; which Increase of £.9,020,764, beyond the Amount of the Unfunded Debt, on the 5th of January 1793, is occasioned chiefly from an Addition of £. 3,740,300 Exchequer Bills and by an additional Navy Debt, amounting to £.5,361,489, arising from the increased Extent of the Service.

Resolved, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, existing on the 5th of January 1784, then amounted to £. 10,194,259; and that Taxes were afterwards imposed to defray the Expences of the War ending in 1783, amounting in 1786 to£. 938,000, making together £. 11,132,000.

Resolved, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes existing previous to the Year 1784, adding thereto about £.938,000 imposed as above stated in 1784 and 1785, and £.137,000 arising from the Consolidation Act, and from Duties imposed in 1789, was, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000; on the 5th of January 1794, £.13,941,000; on the 5th of January 1795, £.13,858,000; on the 5th of January 1796, £.13,557,000; on the 5th of January 1797, £.14,292,000; on the5th of January 13,332,000;

on the 5th of January 1799, £.14,275,000; on the 5th of January 1800, £.15,743,109; and on the 5th of

January 1801, £.14,194,539which last Sum, after deducting the Duties arising from the Consolidation Act, and those imposed in 1789, exceeds the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes on 5th January 1784, together with that of the Taxes imposed in 1784 and 1785, by £-2,925,539; and that the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, in the Year ended the 5th of January 1801, was diminished below that of the preceding Year,

by

4x Geo. III.

0,f Junii.

649

by a Reduction in the Duties on Malt, Beer, and Spirits, to the Amount of about £.1,150,000, which is principally to be attributed to the Circumstances of the Season.

Resolved, That the Actual Net Produce of the Taxes impoled since the 5th of January 1793 amounted, in the Year ending the 51 h of January 1801, to £.8,079,076; and that the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, in the Year ended the 5th of January 1801, amounted to £.22,273,615.

Resolved, That the Total Gross Receipt within the Year (deducting Re-payments, Discounts, and Drawbacks, and also deducting all Loans and Monies phid to Government) was, in the Year 1797, £-23,076,179; in the Year 1798, £.30,176,303; in the Year 1799, £. 34,750,976; and in the Year 1800, £. 33,535,016; being an Increase, compared with 1797,of£. 10,458,837; and compared with 1798, of £-3,358,713; and a Diminution of £.1,215,960, as compared with

1799-

Resolved, That the Total Gross Receipt applicable to the Service of the Year 1800, exclusive of Loans and Exchequer Bills, was estimated in the Resolutions of the House of Commons, on the 28th of July 1800, at £.36,714,000; and that the Actual Gross Receipt so applicable, taking the Produce of the Income Duty at £.5,822,741, amounted to £.34,469,542; falling short of the above Estimate by £. 2,244,458.

Resolved, That the Official Value of ail Imports into Great Britain,in the Year ending the 5th of January

1784, was £. 13,122,235; and on an Average of Six 1 ears, ending the 5th of January 1784,was£.i 1,690,829: That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January, 1793, was £. 19,659,358; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 18,685,390: That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1801 (supposing the Imports from the East Indies, of which no Account has

yet been made up, to be the same as in the preceding Year) was £,29,925,858, making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £. 16,803,623, and with 1792, of £.10,366,509; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1801, was £. 25,259,890, making an Increase, as compared with the Average to 5 th of January 1784, of £. 13,569,061, and with the Average to 5th of January 1793, of £.6,574,500; and that the real Value of Imports in the Year ended the 5th of January 1801, supposing the Imports from the East Indies to be the same as in the preceding Year, may be estimated at about £.54,500,000.

Resolved, That the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th January 1784, was £.10,409,713, and on an

Average of Six Years, ending 5th January 1784, was £.8,616,660; that the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great , in the Year ending 5th January 1793, was £. 18,336,851; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th January 1793, was £. 14,771,049: 'That the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britain in the Year ending 5th January 1801, was £.24,411,067; making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £. 14,001,354, and with 1792, of £.6,074,216; and on an Average of Six Years, Aiding the 5th of January 1801, was £.20^085,199,-.

making an Increase, as compared with the Average to 5th January 1784, of £.11,468,539, and with the Average to 5th January 1793, of £.5,314,150; and that the Real Value of British Manufactures exported in the Year 1800, may be estimated at about £.39,500,000.

Resolved, That the Official Value of Foreign Merchan-d ize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ended the 5 th January 1784, was £. 4,332,909; and on an Average of Six Years ending the 5th January 1784,was£.4,263,930; That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th January 1793, was £. 6,568,000; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.5,468,014: That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1 So 1, was £.17,166,145; making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £. 12,833,236; and with 1792 of £.10,598,145; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1801, was £.12,867,958; making an Increase, as compared with the Average to January5th 1784, of £.8,604,028; and with the Average to January 5th 1793, of £. 7,399,944; and that the Real Value of Foreign Merchandize exported in the Year ended the 5th of January 1801, may be estimated at about £. 16,300,000.

Resolved, That the Number of Registered Vessels belonging to the British Dominions, and employed in Trade, in the Year 1788, being the first Year in which the Register Act had taken full Effect, was 13,827; their Tonnage 1,363,488; and the Number of Seamen navigating the same 107,925: In the Year 1792, the Number of Vessels was 16,079, their Tonnage 1,540,145, and the Number of Seamen navigating the fame, 118,286; and in the Year 1800, the Number of Vessels was 18,877, their Tonnage 1,905,438, and the Number of Men 143,661; being an Increase of 5,050 Ships, of 541,950 Tons, and of 35,736 Men, compared with 1788; and of 2,798 Ships, of 365,293 Tons, and of 25,375 Men, compared with 1792.

Resolved, That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the Year 1801, may be estimated as follows; viz.

VoL.

Interest of Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund, on the 5th of January 1801, after deducting Interest payable by Ireland -

Interest, &c. to be incurred and paid between 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802, on Stock created by Loans in the present Session

Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid in the Year to 5th January 1801- - -

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the Articles of Union, of the Civil List, and other Chargfes on the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, amounting together to £. 1,560,000

Civil Government of Scotland,estimated as before, -

Pensions on Hereditary Revenue, - D® - -

Militia and Deserters Warrants, - D® -

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c. - D*

Charges of Management of the Revenue, estimated as before, including the Expence of collecting the Income Tax -

Making the Total Permanent Charges to be defrayed out of the Gross Receipt of Permanent Revenue.....;

S6. C

-20,144,586

1,812,816

766,480

1 >37^*47° 625>S 49

1,851,845

*6>S87»746

Proportion

650

O (V

29 Junit.

A. 1801

Brought over -

Proportion to &C defrayed by Grw/ according to the Articles of

Union, of the Supplies voted for 1801, for Great Britain and Ireland, amounting in the Whole to £.43,686,715, including therein the separate Charges On Great Britain ——

Advance to Ireland ‘

Interest; payable for Imperial Loans

£.2,5 00,000

497.735

2^>587»746

39.338,489

65,926,235

Resolved, That the Gross Receipt of the Pertmnenf Revenue, after deducting Re-payments for Over Entries, Drawbacks, and Bounties in the Nature of Drawbacks, amounted in the Year ended 5th January i8ot, to Estimated Produce to the 5th April 1802, of the Taxes imposed itl the present Session of Parliament ——

That the Tax on Income is ellimated to produce, for the Year 180x, a Sum of That the Tax on Imports and Exports may be estimated to produce a Sum of

2.997.73 5

£.68,923,970

27,4x9,000

I,©OOjOOOO

5^822,000

I ,200,000

That further Sums are applicable to the Service of the Yeats 1801, as follows:

Re-paymertts from Grenada, Imprefts, and Lottery - 800,000

And that the Remainder of the Supply for the Year x8oi is provided for by

a Loan, on Account of Great Britain, of ..... 25,500,000

And a Loan for Ireland, of ----- --- - 2,500,000

And by Exchequer Bills to be charged on Supplies 1802 2,000,000

And expected additional Produce of Taxes that were deficient in 1800 - 1,100,000

Surplus of Ways and Means 1800, and Residue of Grants to the Emperor of

Germany and Elector of Bavaria ----- -- - 560,060

Interest on Land Tax contrafted to be paid for by Instalments, and Monies

remaining in the Exchequer, of Lotteries of former Years ... 62,000

Making in the Whole the Sum of ... -.£.67,963,000

Resolved, That it appears, by a Report of a Committee of this House in 1791, that the Actual Expenditure (including the Annual Million for the Reduction of the Public Debt) on an Average of Five Years Peace, ending the 5th of January 1791, and including sundry Ex-<

traordmanr Expences for the Armament of 1787, and for Payments to American Loyalists, and other Articles of a temporary Nature, amounted to But the Peace Establishment was estimated, by the said Committee, at -And that the Expence of the Year 1792 amounted nearly to that Sum.

That the additional Permanent Charge incurred by the Debt created since 1793, exclusive of Interest; payable by Ireland,is -

That the additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, is about - - - 1

Interest of Money for satisfying increased Navy Debt, at £. 5 per Cent, is about That the additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund, is That the additional Charge incurred for a Sum Annually voted for the Redemption of the Public Debt, is ——

And that the future Peace Establishment (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred by Interest on Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War; and of any Augmentation which may take place in the Naval or Military Establishments, but allowing for Increase of Pay and other Expences) may be estimated at ——

And also exclusive of £.497,000 Interest on Loans, due by the Emperor of

16,816,985

15,969,178

10,388,297

300.000

285.000

370.000

200,000

700,000

Germany, and guaranteed by Parliament, may be estimated at

- £.28,212,475

Resolved, That the Produce of the Tax on Income, in the Year ending 5th April 1801, appears to be -

Voluntary Contributions ——

Duty on Exports and Imports -

5.74i^50

79.591

227,077

£.7.047,818

And that supposing the Produce of the Permanent Taxes to be the same as in the Year ending the 5th January 1800, the Income applicable to the Peace Establishment may be estimated as follows; viz.

Old Permanent Taxes - - - - £.15,740,000

New Permanent Taxes - 8,205,000

Further Produce of Taxes, 1799 -

1800 - - ,

1801 -

Land and Malt -

£.150,000

400,000

1,800,000

2.350.000

2.558.000

£.28,853,000

Whjfth

41 Ge.o. III. 290 Junii. 51

Which Sum is exclusive of any Allowance for the Profit of a Lottery, or for any Participation of the Territorial Revenues of India.

Resolved, That, during the Continuance of the Tax on Income, after the Conclusion of the War, if the Produce in future Years should amount to £. 5,800,000, the Total Annual Expenditure may be estimated at about £. 34,000,000, including therein the said Sum of £. 5,800,000, applicable Annually (over and above all other Sums in the Hands of the Commissioners) to the Reduction of the Debt.

Resolved, That the Amount of Three per Cent. Stock created in the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800, and

of which the Interest is to be defrayed, and the Principal to be redeemed, by the Tax on Income, is £. 56,445,000.

Resolved, That, supposing the War to end with the Year 1801, the Three per Stock to be on an Average at £. 80, and the Tax on Income to produce £. 5,800,000 per Annum, the Capital Stock of £.56,445,000, together with the Interest payable thereon, would be redeemed in the Year 1811.

The Lords have agreed to

New Forest

Commiftons

Bill.

Excise "Regulation Bill.

Statues, 8x. Duty Bill.

Fifc Bounties Bill.

Expiring laws B,1L

<?ards Duty Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Cards imported into Great Britain; without any Pepys and Mr Ordi Amendment: And also,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Malta Trad*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for exe- Commerce to and from the Ille of Malta, until the curing an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, until Six Weeks after the next Meeting of ParliaAn Act for the better Preservation of Timber in The ment; and to declare the Ille of Malta to be Part of " New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for Europe; without any Amendment: And also,

ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act West Indie*,

" the Lands of the Crown within the same;" without for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts court* Bill, any Amendment: And all'o, in the Indies and America, and for giving a more

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Lords Commissioners of Appeals; without any Amend-Duties of Excite; without any Amendment; And ment: And also,

also, r The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for Relief

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to stay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation sand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble, and granting under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridg-another Duty in Lieu thereof; w ithout any Amendment: ing Spiritual Perl'ons from having Pluralities of Livings,

And also, and from taking of Ferms; without any Amendment:

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act And also, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to repeal the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places . to-repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, ^^Abfea-in the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons not resident in tee*.

And also, Ireland; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for ware-to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or R0uurJj'!f.

Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent. Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same land, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British) Dominions in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise

in Europe, until the First Day of January One thousand charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses,

Eight hundred and Three; to the further Support and at their own Expence, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Green- March One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; without land Seas and Davis's Streights, until the Twenty-fifth any Amendment: And also.

Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Irish Com to the making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Bounties Bill.

Antigua, a Free Pert until the Tenth Day of July One Indian Corn imported into Ireland, and for providing* thousand Eight hundred and Five; and to the permit- Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act ting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain Sovereign or State in Neutral Ships, until the End of the in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

War and Six Months after the signing the Definitive The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act irish Am*ii-Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland, Trade until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand and the United States of America, during the Con-Eight hundred and Six, an Act, made in the Twenty- tinuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and JNTa-nimh Year of Ids late Majesty King George the Second, vigatior, between His Majesty and the said States; for granting a Bounty upon certain Species cf British and without any Amendment: And also,

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act We Aon on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence Road* for reviving, continuing until the Fifth Day of April to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amending Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed ia an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Mar the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a cer-Lneou ragement of the British Fisheries; and for making tain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South perpetual lo much of an Act, made in the Twenty- End of the Town of West on on the Green, in the County foventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlingtan Green, relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by in the said County; without any Amendment: And Clarke's Hydrometer; without any Amendment: And also,

a:so. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitukd. An Act PancrasPar-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, water- RiU‘ fox granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Playing ing, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair,

Vol. 56. the

6si 29* Junii. 4. 1801.

Lamcfiey and Tanfiehi I11-clolure pill.,

Enfield Tn-ciofure Bill.

Bdfti{ham In-cIofiireBifl.

Fetchfim In-ciolure Bill.

Little Abing* ton Inclosure Bill

Scremby Inclosure Bill.

Frlmfcy Tn-closure Bill.

Winchester Gaol, &c. Bill, with Amendments.

the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lamefiey and Canfield, or one of them, in the County of Durham; without any Amendment: Andalfo, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotments, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bottisham, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Surrey, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abington, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley,in the Parish of Ash, in the County of

Surrey, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

A b ft raft of Population Returns, prtfented.

The House being informed that Mr. Rickman, from the Office of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Abstract of the Answers and Returns made pursuant to an Act, passed in the 41st Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for ‘‘ taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof," in so far as such Answers and Returns have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, up to the 26th Day of June 1801.

And then he withdrew.

1 And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Abstract be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members'of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Stffion.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec- Accounts for General of Imports and Exports, attended atthe Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, preiehted to ed. the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of Returns to an Or- Rmnue.

" der of the Honourable House of Commons, dated " 21 ft February 1801, for an Account of the Total In- come of Ireland, for the Year ended the 5th January " 1801, so far as the same can be made up or estimated;

" distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum " for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount " of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each " Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Amount " of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for colledling the fames and the Nature and Amount of the " Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head re*

" spedlively; distinguishing also, the Payments into the " Exchequer upon each Head of Revenue, and also for " Loans, and every other Head of Receipt; and also;

" specifying the Amount of Balances or Bills in the " Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the " 5th Days of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said " Years; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th Days of January 1800 and 1801, respectively, whether appropriated or " unappropriated, and the Amount of Treasury Bills " issued for the Public Service, between the Days " above mentioned, and not redeemed within that *f Periodinclosing,

Appendix (A). An Account of the Amount of Balances in the Hands of the Revenue Collectors, and of the Receiver General, on the 25th March 1800 and on the 25th December 1800:

Appendix (B). Particulars comprizing the Gross Receipt of Port Duties for Nine Months, ended the 25th of December 1800:

Appendix (C). Particulars comprizing the Gross Receipt of Inland Duties for Nine Months, ended the 25th of December 1800:

Appendix (D). Particulars of Payments (exclusive of the Expence of ColleClion) for Nine Months, ended the 25th ol December 1800: Appendix (E). Particulars of the Expence of Collection for Nine Months, ended the 25th of December 18 00:

Appendix (F). An Account of the Payments into the Exchequer upon each Head of Revenue, and also for Loans, and every other Head of Receipt, in the Nine Months ended 25th of December 1800:

Appendix (G). intituled, " Revenue of " Receipts and Payments for Nine Months, ended " 25th of December 1800

Appendix (H). Abstract of Stamp Duties for Three Quarters, from the 25th of to the

24th of December 1800:

Appendix (I). Abstract of Poll Office Revenue for Three Quarters, ended the 25th December 1800: Appendix (K). An Account of the Sums received into the Exchequer, by Way of Lottery', between the 25th March and the 25th December 1800; together with the Amount of the several Payments thereout on Account of Prizes, ami likewise for Charges of Management; also, an Account of the Net Profit to the Public:

Appendix (L). An Account of the Balances remaining in the Exchequer on the 2j;th March and on the 25th December 1800, respectively, whether

appropriated or unappropriated:

Appendix (M). An Account of the Amount or Treasury Bills issued for the Public Service between the 2 ah of December 1799 and the 25th

cember 1800, and not redeemed within that Period.

Andahb» A Paper

4* Geo. III.

290 Janii.

653

Expenditure. A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of Returns to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated " 21 ft February 1801, for an Account fhewinghow the " Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5th of January 1800; 4‘ together with the Monies paid into the same during tc the Year ending the 5th of 1801, and the

" Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues " of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer " Receipt; together with the Amount of the Treasury " Bills ill'ued, and not redeemed during the said Year,

have been actually applied; distinguishing the Total

" Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service, namely; ift. The Interest of the Public " Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the " usual Grant for the same Purpose, and the Interest " for the Debt upon Loans from England. 2dly. The Interest onTreasury Bills. 3dly. The Civil List. 4thly.

" Pensions. 5thly. Parliamentary Grants, Annual and Permanent. 6thly. Military Establishments. ^thly.

" Suffering Loyalists: And, lastly, the Amount of any " Public Monies applied to other Public Services not " hereinbefore enumerated; specifying the lame:" inclosing.

An Account of the Sums of Money issued from the Treasury of Ireland for the Public Service, between the 25th March and the 25th December 1800, distinguished under their respective Heads: An Account of the Amount of Payments out of the Public Revenue of between the 25th

March 1800 and the 25th December following, being in the Nature of Anticipations of Exchequer Receipts: And also,

FundedDebt. A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated 21 ft February " 1801, for an Account of the Public Funded Debt of " Ireland, as the same flood on the ift February 1801 " (or to the latest Annual Period to which the same can " be made up) distinguishing the Years in which each " Part thereof was created, and in respect of what Sums " raised, or Bills funded, so far as the same can be ascertained; distinguishing also, the different Funds in " which it is inverted: the Amount of the Capital . " Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest and Annuities, and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin, respectively; the Charges of " Management; and the Annual Charge for Reduction " of the said Debt; distinguishing also, at what Periods " the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable " or determinable:" And also.

Sulking Fund. A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated 21st " 1801, for an Account of the Progress made in the " Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland to the ift of February 1801 (or to the latest Annual Period to which the same can be made up); distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds; how " much of each Fund respectively has been redeemed, , " the Total Sums paid on Account thereof, and at what " Average Price of Stocks; and what Sums are now " applicable to the Reduction thereof, specifying their " Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof,

" payable in London and Dublin respectively:" And also. Arrears — Re- An Account of the Arrears due on the 25th of De-»ue. cember 1800 from the several Collectors of the Customs and Excise employed in the Collection of the Public Revenue of Ireland since the 5th of January 1780, and now deceased, or out of their respective Offices; distinguishing their Names; the Sums originally due, and at what Time; their 1 ubsequent Payments in Reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively: And also.

Arrears and An Account of the Arrears and Balances due on the

Balances be- 5th January 1801 from the several Persons whose Ac-fore Auditors, COunts have been delivered in to the Commissioners of Vol. 56.

Imprest Accounts, and to the Auditors of Foreign Accounts and Imprefts in Ireland since the 5th January 1780; distinguishing the Names of such Persons; the Nature of their Service in which they became indebted, and when the said Service ended, and the Time when their Accounts were delivered in; the Total Amount of their Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Progress made in settling their Accounts respectively; and the Sums (if any) paid by them in Reduction of their original Debt, and at what Time; and the Sums now remaining due from them respectively: And also.

An Account of the Value (according to the Prices Export* a#d current, and stated in British Currency) of all Imports Import*, into, and Exports from, Ireland, for Five Years, ending 5th January 1801, or to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, '1'hat the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are pVeferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Accounts to counts, which were this Day presented to the House Printed-by Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members, of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Downing Reading of theingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, comtmtted.' An Act for changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting the proper Buildings thereon;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Simeon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit. Committee to and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

fit To morrow.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Irifc Rebei-for indemnifying such Persons as have acted, since the Jj{j£ Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred paired, and Ninty-nine, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a witness Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill bath Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to authorize the ^,{ported. Judges, to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

8 D Mr.

654 29° — 3°

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to re* port the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Braggs do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Foreigner* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the coniiaered! whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, and reported, intituled, An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contrafted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 30* die Junii;

Anno 41* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1801.

Ubele's Nat. Bill, committed.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John William Anderson, &c.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, and proceed upon the said Bill.

Lords A mend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

tSer Gao" Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, kc. Bill, An Act for completing the Common Gaol now build-to. ing in and for the City of; and for purchasing

certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 17. Leave out " Elizabeth " and insert " Sarah."

Pr. 12. 1, 32. After "ever" insert Clauses (A.) and

(B.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " if any Money shall be agreed to be " paid for any Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, purchated, taken,

" or used by virtue of this Act,

" for the Purpose thereof, which " (kill belong to any Corporation, " Feme Covert, Intant, Lunatic, " or Person under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money " shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name, and with " the Privity, of the Accountant " General of the High Court of 4

J. 180H

" Chancery, to be placed to lus Account there, t'X parte, the rurchafer or Purchasers of the Estate authorized to be sold by this present Act, pursuant to the " Method prescribed by the Act " of the Twelfth Year of King *« George the First, Chapter the " Thirty-second, and the general " Rules and Orders of the said " Court, and without Feeor Reward,

" according to the Act of thed welfth " Year of King George the Second,

" Chapter the Twenty-fourth, to " the Intent that such Money shall " be applied by and with the Approbation of the said Court of " Chancery, in the Purchase of " other Lands or Hereditaments,

" which shall be conveyed and " settled to and upon such and the " like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and " Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Buildings, Lands, and " Hereditaments, which shall be so " purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid Rood settled " or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be " existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the " mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be found, the Monies " lo paid into the Bank shall be " laid out in the Purchase of Navy " or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arif-" ing from the said Money to be " laid out in the said Navy or " Victualling Bills, or Exchequer " Bills, and the Money received " for the fame, as they shall be " respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the " Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other " Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, all which said " Navy and Victualling Bills, or " Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name " of the said Accountant General,

*‘ and shall there remain until a " proper Purchaser or Purchasers shall be found and approved of as aforesaid, and until the same " shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery,

" in a summary Way, by or on the " Behalf of the Person or Persons,

" for the Time being entitled to the " Freehold or Inheritance of the " Lands or Hereditaments so to be " purchased, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General, " for completing such Purchase or " Purchases, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money " arising by the Sale of such Navy, " Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, " shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that " same only the Surplus which shall

" remain

*c remain, after discharging the Expence of the Applications to the " Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as " would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of " the Lands intended to be purchased, in case the same had " been purchal'ed pursuant to this " Act, or to the Representative of " such Person or Persons." Ceaos'e (B.) " And be it further Enacted and " Declared, That the Certificate and " Certificates of the said Accountant " General, together writh the Receipt and Receipts of the Cashier " of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and to be therewith filed " in the Register Office of the " said Court of Chancery, of the " Payment into the Bank of " land by the said Commissioners " of their Purchase Money, shall " from Time to Time be and be " deemed and taken to be a good " and sufficient Discharge to them " for so much of the said Purchase " Money or Monies for which such " Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid, " shall be given; and after the " giving of such Certificate or Certificates and Receipt or Receipts " of the said Commissioners, shall " be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same " Monies, and shall not be answerable for any Lol's, Misapplication, u or Non-application thereof, or " of any Part thereof."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Gamon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

CoUe" Bill Sir Richard Gamon reported from the Committee,

reported, and to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, jaised. An Act for changing the Scite of Dozvning College, in

the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and eroding the proper Buildings thereon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-reded him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcfo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Gamon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Second Re- Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee relating to The appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to the SaltDuties. Salt Duties, and the Means of remedying the Incon-

veniences arising therefrom, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with Vox,. 56.

several Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and the . Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Commutation of the Duties on Salt would be productive of many great and important Advantages to all Descriptions of Persons in this Kingdom, and would be highly beneficial to its Agriculture, Fisheries,

Trade, and Manufactures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such a Commutation can only be effected by some general Tax, extending, as far as Circumstances will admit, to all the Orders of the Community, all of whom would derive Benefit from such Commutation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to postpone the further Consideration of this Subject until the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- ttbele'* Nat. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christiati Ubele, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Saffex writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, now Lord Pelham, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Catherlogh the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to nuke out a new Wnt*

Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Catherlogh, in the County of Catherlogh, in the room of the Honourable Francis Aldborough Prittie, who hath accepted the Office of Escheator of Munfer.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Hayes's Di-a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the and reported. Marriage of George Hayes with Chr Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Calcraft took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Calcraft reported from the Committee, That they had heard Couniel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bili; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

The Lords have agreed to

Hull River Navigation Bill.

Trumpingfon Inclosurt Bill.

Bill for fccur-ing Copyright, with Amendments.

ToJIefliunt Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Lord*

Amendments to Tolk/bunt I Mo lu re Bill, agreed to.

30° Junii.

J. 1801.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcrajt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the River " Hull and Frodingham Bed, from dike Beck Mouth to " the Clough on the East Corner of Fisholme, and for " extending the said Navigation from the said Clough uinto, or near, the Town of Great Driffield, in the East " Riding of the County of and to extend and

improve the said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows,' Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

" which shall anse or come off* or from all and every Part and " Parts of the said Open Common, " Heath or Waite Ground, and " other Commonable Places, hereby " intended to be divided and idclosed, and every of them."

Pr. 71. 1. 29. Leave out from "Adt" to "And" in Press 73, Line 8.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for consolidating, in One Ad, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facili-

within the Parish of Frumpingto in the County of Cambridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Major,

otherwise Follejhunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Follejhunt Major, otherwise Follejhunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 38. Leave out from " be " to " And " in Prels 26, Line 23, and insert Clause(A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, Tha " all and every Part and Parts of " the said Open Common Heath " or Waste Ground, and other " Commonable Places, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed,

" shall, during the Term of Seven " Years from and after the passing " of this Act, be free of and from " all Tythe whatsoever, and from " and after the Expiration of the " said Term of Seven Years, the " said William Hay don, his Heirs " and Assigns, as Lay Impropriator " of the Great Tythes, and the said " Janies John Fallman, and his Successors. Vicars of the said Parish " of Follejhunt Major, otherwise " Follejhunt Beckingham, shall be " respectively entitled to receive " and take all and all Manner of " Tythes in Kind, both Great and V Small, arising or coming, or

tating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 30. After " composed" insert "and."

Pr. 12. 1. 14. After " Dublin insert " and also " one other Copy for the Use of the " Library of the Society of the " King's Inns, Dublin."

1. 23. After " College " insert " and the " said Society."

1. 25. Leave out " Copy " and insert " Copies."

1.32. Leave out " Copy " and insert " Copies."

1. 33. After "College" insert " and the " said Society."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Barton, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Twelve Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Charles Bragge, Esquire, ror his Services to this House, in the present Semon, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and eans forraifing the Supply granted to His Majesty; a"

Bill for coA* lolidating the Provisioat in Acts of Inclosure, tilth an Amendment.

LordsAmend-ments to Bill for securing Copy-right, agreed to.

Address for Dignity for the Chaplain.

Add ref* for Chairman of Committee of Ways and Mean*.

3 o° Ju

6 $7

41 Geo. III.

allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Revived, Nemine , That an humble

Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah Dyfon, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds.

Resolved, Nemine , That an humble

Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be issued to John Clem Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an index to the Fifty-sixth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One Thousand Five Hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Addrest for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Money His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to ingT General order a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Pounds, index to the to be advanced to Mr. Samuel towards further

Journals. defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Forty-fifth Volume; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ditto for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

te*Votes!n<lex Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. George , for making

an Index to the Votes of this House of the present Session, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ditto for At- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to eai^ttees! Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to

order such Compensation, as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to the Clerks who have attended Public Committees of the House of Commons, in the present Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Hpnourable Privy Council.

.lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

toBuffor* she Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in-confoiidating tituled. An Act for consolidating, in One Act, certain ia'AaTof in! Prov*ft°ns usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and closure,agreed for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 24. Leave out from " Land " to " And " in Pr. 38.1. 27.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, Vot. 56.

Address for Cterk Afllft-«nt*

Ditto for Do* puty Serjeant at Arms*

Journal to be printed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefi'ors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Admi nistration of Justice within the same.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 21. After " Court" insert Clauses (A.) and (B.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " in all Cases where any Suit between Party and Party, any Decree shall be pronounced, or any " Order made for Payment or for " accounting for Money by the " Barons of His Majesty's Court " of Exchequer, in that Part of " Great Britain called England. " the Lord Chief Baron, or any " one of the Barons of the said " Court for the Time being, shall " upon Application made to them " respectively, cause a Copy of such " Order or Decree to be exemplified and certified to the Barons " of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, " under the Seal of the said Court " of Exchequer of England, and " the Barons of the said Court of " Exchequer in Ireland shall forthwith cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them so exemplified, to be " inrolled in the Rolls of the Court " of Exchequer in Ireland, and " shall cause Process of Attachment " and Committal to issue against " the Person of the Party against " whom such Order or Decree shall " have been made respectively, in " order to enforce Obedience to,

" and Performance of the fame,

" as fully and effectually to all " Intents and Purposes as if such " Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said " Court of Exchequer in Ireland j " and it shall and may be lawful " to and for the Barons of the " Court of Exchequer in Ireland " for the Time being, from Time u to Time, to make Orders upon " Petition, as the Occasion may " require, for Payment of Money " levied under such Process as aforesaid into the Bank of

"in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court,

" in Trust for the Benefit of the " Party who shall have obtained " such Order or Decree; and the " Governor and Company of the " Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to receive * tnd hold all such Monies, fub-" jest to the Orders of the said 8 E " Court

Lords

Amendments to Hill for Recovery of Debt! dvu to Hil MajelU, agreed to.

658 3°° Junii. . 1801.

" Court of Exchequer: Provided Lords; and acquaint them, that this Hotife hath

" always, that no such Monies shall agreed to the Amendments made by their Lndships.

be charged with or subject to " Poundage when the same shall Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Re-com-

" be paid out by Order of the said the Report was re-committed, which was made from " Court." the Committee appointed to take into Consideration mitteeon

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enabled, That what additional Orders, and what other Regulations it °^.r*

" in all Cases wherein any Suit may be proper to make relative to the Proceedings of '"ported.

" between Party and Party, any this House in c'onsequence of the Union of Great " Decree shall be pronounced, or Britain and , and to report the fame, with their

any Order made for Payment or Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

for accounting for Money by the That the Committee had further considered the said " Barons of His Majesty's Court of Report, and had come to l'everal other Resolutions,

" Exchequer in that Part of the which they had directed him to report to the House;

" United Kingdom called Ireland, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards " the Lord Chief Baron, or any delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the RefoOne of the Barons of the said lutions of the Committee were read; and are as folCourt for the Time being, shall loweth;

" upon Application made to them Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" respectively, cause a Copy of That the Order, made upon the 26th May 1685,

" such Order or Decree to be ex- " That for the future no Private Bill be brought into " emplified and certified to the this House but upon a Petition full presented, truly " Barons of His Majesty's Court of " Hating the Cafe, at the Peril of the Parties preExchequer in that Part of the " ferring the lame, and that such Petition shall be signed " United Kingdom called England, " by the Parties who are Suitors for such Bill," be exunder the Seal of the said Court tended to Ireland.

" of Exchequer in Ireland, and the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" Barons of the said Court of Ex- That the Order, made upon the 13th May 1690, That,

" chequer in England shall forth- " when any Bill shall be brought into this House for " with cause such Order or Decree, " confirming of Letters Patent, there bo a true Copy of " when it shall be presented to " such Letters Patent annexed to the Bill," be extended " them so exemplified, to be in- to Ireland.

" rolled in the Rolls of the Court Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" of Exchequer in England, and That the Order, made upon the 24th November 1699,

" shall cause Process of Attach- " That the Chairman of the Committee, upon the Report " ment and Committal to issue " of every Private Bill, do acquaint the House whether " against the Person of the Party " the Allegations of the Bill have been examined, and " against whom such Order or De- " the Parties concerned have given their Consents to " cree shall have been made re- " the Satisfaction of the Committee," be extended to " respectively, in order to enforce Ireland.

" Obedience to, and Performance Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" of the fame, as fully and efl'ec- That the Order, made upon the said 24th November " tually to all Intents and Pur- 1699, " That the Chairman of the Committee for any " poles as if such Order or De- " Private Bill do not fit thereupon without a Week's " cree had been originally pro- " Public Notice thereof let up in the Lobby," be exnounced in the said Court of tended to Ireland.

" Exchequer in England-, and it RefolvThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, " shall and may be lawful to and That the Order, made upon the 12th November 1705,

" for the Barons of the Court of " That all Private Bills brought into this House be " Exchequer in England for the " printed, and that they be printed after they are preTime being, from Time to Time, " lented to the House, and before the First Reading,"

" to make Orders upon Petition, be extended to Ireland.

" as the Occasion may require, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" for Payment of Money levied That the Resolution, made upon the 13th 1716,

" underluch Process as aforesaid, " That no Bill be ordered to be broughtinon anyPetition " into the Bank of England,in the " for repairing or amending any Highway, or for making " Name of the Deputy Rcmem- " or cleansing any Port or Harbour, or for making any " brancer of the said Court, in " River navigable, or for any other Work proposed to "Trust for the Benefit of the Party " be carried on by Tolls or Duties, to be levied on the " who Hull have obtained such " Subject in particular Places, till such Petition has " Order or Decree; and the " been referred to a Committee, and that they have " Governor and Company of the " examined the Matter thereof, and reported the same " Bank of England are hereby au- " to the House," be extended to Ireland.

" thorized and required to receive Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" and hold all such Monies, sub- That the Order, made upon the 5th March 1722,

" jed to the Orders of the said " That no Private Bill'be read before printed Copies

" Court of Exchequer: Provided " thereof be delivered to the Members of the House,"

" always, that no such Monies be extended to Ireland.

" shall be charged with or subject Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" to Poundage when the same That the Refolvltion, made upon the 13th June 1751,

" shall be paid out by Order of the " That no Bill or Clause for the particular Interest or " said Court." " Benefit of any Person or Persons, County or Counties,

The said Amendments being severally read a Second " Corporation or Corporations, or Body or Bodies cf Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- " People, shall be read a Second Time unless Fees be

upon, agreed to by the House. " paid for the same," be extended to Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

4 - That

Th.it the Resolution, made upon the 12th March 1752,

" That in all future Bills for Aitts of Parliament for the " erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be inferted, to oblige the Commissioners of such Turnpike " to take Security from their Treasurer or Receiver for " the faithful Execution of the said Office," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the 14th March 1753, " That in all future Bills for Acts of Parliament for the " erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be in- . " ferted to prevent any Person who shall be nominated " a Commissioner from acting or voting in the Business " of the said Turnpike, unless he shall be possessed of, " or be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of, an " Estate in Land, or be pofl'effect of a Perl'onal Estate " to such certain Value as shall be specified in such " Bills," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Order, made upon the 5th May 1773, " That " whenever any Petition presented to the House shall " have been referred to a Committee to examine the " Matter thereof, and to report the fame, as it shall " appear to them, to the House, this House will not " admit any Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or " Counsel, against such Petition, until the Matter " thereof shall have been first reported to the House," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Uefolution, made upon the 15th April 1774, " That, before any Petition is presented to this House " for inclosing, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, " or Commons, a printed or written Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed on the " Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such " Lands, Fens, and Commons, do lie, for Three Sundays " in the Months of August and , or either of

of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Order, made upon the said 13th April 1774, " That, in all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, the " Names of the Commissioners proposed to be ap-ff pointed, and the Compensations intended for the " Lord of the Manor and the Owners of Tythes, in Lieu " of their respective Rights, where any Bargains or " Agreements have been made for such Compensations, " be inserted in the Copy of the Bill presented to the " House; and that all Copies of such Bills, whether " printed or written, which shall be lent te any of the " Persons interested in the said Manor, Tythes, Lands, " or Commons, for their Consent, do contain the Names " of such proposed Commissioners, and also such intended Compensations," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the 25th 1774, That, before any Petition is presented to this House *c for making a Turnpike Road, or for the Renewal or

Alteration of any Ad: of Parliament palfcd for that " Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be given at the General Quarter Sessions of " the Peace which shall be held for every and each " County or District: through which such Road passes, " or is intended to pass, at the Michaelmas immediately " preceding the Session of Parliament in which such " Petition is to be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the said 25th April 1774, " That this Notice be given by affixing to the " Door of the Sessions House where such General " Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, " describing the Parishes through which the said Road " passes, or is intended to pass; and that fuchNotice.be " also printed in some one Newspaper of the County,

" or if there is no such Paper printed for that County, VOL. 56.

" then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining " County, Three Times at lead in the Months of " and September, or either of them, immediately preceding " the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to " be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the said 23th April 1774, " That, when any Petition is presented to this " House for making a Navigable Canal, or for making or " improving the Navigation of a River, or for making " a new Turnpike Road, or for railing any further Sum " of Money for any of those Purposes, there be annexed " to the said Petition an Estimate of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking, signed by the Person or Persons making the same, together with an Account of the " Money subscribed for carrying the said Work into " Execution, and the Names of the Subfctibers, with the " Sums respectively subscribed by them," so far as the same relates to Turnpike Roads, be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the said 25th April 1774, " That, in all Bills for making a Navigable Canal, " or for making or improving the Navigation of a River, " or for making a new Turnpike Road, there be inserted " a Clause compelling the Subscribers for carrying any " such Work into Execution to make Payment of the " Sums severally subscribed by them," so far as the same relates to Turnpike Roads, be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the 14th March 1781 " That in all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons " which shall be presented to this House, Provision be " made for fencing out all the Public Carriage Roads " on each Side, from the Lands adjoining, and for preventing any Gate from being erected across any of the " said Roads, or Trees being planted on either Side of " the said public Roads nearer to each other than within " the Dill once of Fifty Yards," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the 23d May 1786, " That, before any Petition is presented to this House " for erecting a Bridge, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, " Notice of such intended Application to Parliament " be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace " which shall be held for every and each County or " District to which such Bridge extends, or is intended " to extend, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding " the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to " be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the said 23d May 1786, " That this Notice be given by affixing to the Door of " the Sessions House where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, describing " the Parishes to which the said Bridge extends, or is " intended to extend; and that such Notice be also " printed in some one Newspaper of the County, or if " there is no such Paper printed for that County, then " in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, " Three Times at lead in the Months of August and " September, or either of them, immediately preceding " the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to " be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the 20th May 1791, " That, before any Petition is presented to this House " for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving any City " or Town, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act " of Parliament' passed for that Purpose, Notice of such " intended Application to Parliament be given at the " General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be " held for the County in which such City or Town shall be

66o 30° Junii. A. 1801*

" be situate, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding " the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to " be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the said 20th May 1791, " That this Notice be given by affixing to the " Door of the Sessions House where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, de-" daring that such Application will be made; and that " such Notice be also printed in some one Newspaper " of the County, or if there is no such Paper printed " for that County, then in the Newspaper of iome near " or adjoining County, Three Times at lead in the " Months of Atigufi and September, or either of them, " immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in 4‘ which such Petition is to be presented," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the 17th 1797, " That the precise Duration of every new temporary Law should be expressed in the Title of the " Bill, and also in a distinct Clause at the End of the " Bill, and no where else," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution, made upon the said 17th November 1797, " That, where the Revival of several expired " Statutes, or the Continuance of several expiring " Statutes, is proposed, all such as are to be revived " should be included in One Bill, and such as are to " be continued in another; and that every Bill for the " Revival of several Statutes, or for the Continuance of " several Statutes, should express in its Title every " such Statute by its Year, Chapter, and Day of passing, " together with the precile Duration to be given " thereto," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Order, made upon the 3d March 1800, " That " in all Bills of Inclosure, there be inserted a Clause, " compelling the Commissioners to keep at the Office " of their Clerk a Book of Accounts open at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the Inclosure, and " till the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection " of any of the Proprietors, which Book shall contain " an Entry of the Particulars of all Sums of Money raised " or expended by virtue of any Powers granted by the " Ad, under a Penalty on such Commissioners or their " Clerk for neglecting or refuting the same: And also " a Clause, providing that all Monies to be raised under, " and by virtue of the Powers contained in such Ad, " Hull, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum " of Fifty Pounds, be paid into the Hands of some " Banker, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be " approved by a Majority in Value of such Proprietors " who shall be present at the First Meeting of the said " Commissioners; and in the Notice of which Meeting " shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons; and " and that no Monies be issued out of the Hands of " such Banker, or other Person or Persons, without an " Order of the Commissioners, specifying the Person to " whom the same are payable, and the Service for which " the same are due, and that the Balance (if any,) upon " the final Settlement of Accounts, shall be immediately " re-paid to the Land Owners, in Proportion to the " Sums respectively paid by them: And also, a Clause, " providing that the Award shall be read and executed " by the Commissioners in the Presence of the Proprietors, who may attend at a Special General Meeting called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice *c at least shall be given in some Newspaper to be named, circulating within the County, which Execution of " such Award shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Parish Church, from the Time of which Procla- mation only, and not before, such Award shall be considered as complete," be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Twenty-one Days, at least, between the 2

First and Second Reading of every Private Bill relating to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, before any Petition be presented to this House, for confirming or prolonging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to any Person or Persons on Account of any Invention, Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in The London Gazette (and also Three Times in one of the Edinburgh Papers, where the Letters Patent extend to Scotland, and also Three Times in The Dublin Gazette, where the Letters Patent extend to Ireland) in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; and that such Notice shall have prefixed to it in Capital Letters the Name by which the Invention is usually distinguished, and shall contain a distinct Description of the Invention for which such Letters Patent have been obtained, and also an Account of the Term of their Duration; and that the Chairman of the Committee, to whom the Petition for confirming or prolonging the Term of such Letters Patent is referred, do report to the House how far the Order contained in the said Resolution has been complied with.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, before any Bill of Divorce for Adultery do pass this House, Evidence be given before the Committee to whom the said Bill shall be committed, that an Action for Damages has been brought in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, against the Persons supposed to be guilty of Adultery, and Judgment had thereupon; or sufficient Cause be shewn to the said Committee, why such Action was not brought, or such Judgment was not obtained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons concerned {in Interest in Private Bills relating to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, do personally attend the Committee to give their Consents, or do signify the same to one of the Judges of that Part of the United Kingdom, whose Certificate shall be taken as Proof of such Consent, unless the Committee, to whom any Petition or Private Bill shall be referred, shall otherwise order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Private Bills relating to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Notices required by the Standing Orders of this House, and the Allegations in the Preamble of such Bills, may be proved before any Judge of that Part of the United Kingdom, whose Certificate shall be admitted as Evidence of such Proof having been made, unless the Committee, to whom any Petition or Private Bill shall be referred, shall otherwise order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when any Petition for a Turnpike Road, or for eredtinga Bridge, or for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving any Town or City, or for renewing or altering any Act of Parliament passed for those Purposes, or for inclosing, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, or Commons, shall have been presented to this House, the Committee to whom the said Petition shall be referred, or in case such Petition shall not be referred to a Committee, then the Committee to whom the Bill for those Purposes shall be committed, do examine, in the First Place, how far the several Orders of the House hereinbefore mentioned, viz. the Four First above referred to as being made on the 25tho 1774, the

Two on the 23d of May 1786, and the Two on the 20th May 1791, have been respectively complied with; and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the same to the House on the Report of such Petition or Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Orders relating to Bills of Inclosure, made in this Session of Parliament, except so far as the same relate

to

Resolutions made Standing Orders.

Re-committed Report on Standing Orders relative to Inc loin re Bills,reported.

41 Geo. III.

300 Juml — 2° Julii.

66 i

to the setting out of Roads, and appointing Surveyors, . be extended to Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, and who were empowered to report, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had further considered the said Report, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the Houie; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th April 1 ip if, " That, before any Petition is presented to " the House for inclosing, draining, or improving any " Lands, Fens, or Commons, a printed or written Notice " of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed " on the Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which " such Lands, Fens, or Commons, do lie, for Three " Sundays in the Months of August and September, or " either of them, immediately preceding the Session of " Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented," be adhered to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th April 1774, "That, in all Bilis for inclosing Lands or " Commons, the Names of the Commissioners proposed " to be appointed, and the Compensations intended for " the Lord of the Manor and the Owners of Tythes, in *£ Lieu of their respective Rights, where any Bargains or *f Agreements have been made for such Compensations, " be inserted in the Copy of the Bill presented to the " House; and that all Copies of such Bills, whether " printed or written, which shall be lent to any of the " Persons intereRed in the said Manor, Tythes, Lands, " or Commons, for their Consent, do contain the Names " of such proposed Commissioners, and also such intended Compensations," be adhered to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 22d vember 1775, "That, when any Petition for inclosing, " draining, or improving any Lands, Fens, or Commons, hath been presented to this House, the Committee to whom the said Petition shall be referred, or " in case the said Petition shall not be referred to a " Committee, then the Committee to whom the Bill " for those Purposes shall be committed, do examine, " in the first: Place, how far the Orders contained in the " Two former Resolutions have been complied with; " and the Chairman of such Committee shall report " the same to the House on the Report of such Petition " or Bill," be adhered to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the First: Standing Order of the House, of the 14th March 1781, that of the 3d March 1800, the Second, Third, Fourth, and Sixth of the Resolutions agreed to by the House on the 24th Day of this Instant June, relating to Bills of Inclosure, should be limited in their Construction, so as only to prevent any such Bill from containing Clauses contrary to any such Resolutions re-fpcftively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Second Standing Order of the House, of the 14th March 1781, "That, in all Bills for inclosing " Lands or Commons, which shall be presented to this

Vol. 56.

" House after this Session of Parliament, Provision be " made for empowering and requiring the Commissioners named in such Bills to appoint One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, with a Salary, for the first forming, " and also putting into good and sufficient Repair the " public Carriage Roads, and for defraying the Expence " of such Salary, and of such Forming and Repair, " which shall be incurred over and above the Statute " Duty, either by Sale of a sufficient Portion of the " said Lands, or by a Rate upon the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands so inclosed within the said " Parish, and for preventing any Charge or Burthen " being laid on the Inhabitants, not being Owners or " Proprietors of Lands, towards the first: forming, " making, and repairing the said Roads, other than the " Statute Duty, until the same shall by the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, be certilled before the Justices at their Quarter Session for " the County in which such Parish shall lie, to be completely formed and made good; which Certificate the " laid Commissioners, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, " shall be obliged to deliver to the said Justices, within " Two Years after the Award, or give sufficient Reasons " for further Allowance of Time, not exceeding One " other Year, under certain Penalties to be specified in the said Bills respectively," be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons concerned in Interest in any Bill for inclosing any Lands or Grounds, or for extinguishing any Right of Common therein, may signify their Consent to the same by Affidavit taken and authenticated according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to a Bill, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, in One Act, certain " Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and " for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts " usually required on the passing of such Bills," unless the Committee, to whom the Petition or Bill for such Inclosure or Improvement shall be referred, shall otherwise order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Committee, to whom any Petition or Bill for the inclosing any Lands or Grounds, or for extinguishing any Right of Common thereon, shall be referred, may admit Proof of the Notices required by the Standing Orders of this House, and of the Allegations in the Preamble of such Bill, by Affidavit taken and authenticated according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to the said Bill, unless such Committee shall otherwise order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Three last Resolutions shall not take Effect, unless the said Bill shall pass into a Law.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 29die Juliiy

Anno 410 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 80x. Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Resolutions which, upon the 22d Day of June last, were reported from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the fame, with their

8 F Opinion

Resolutions made Stand* ing Orders.

Further Standing Orders made, relative to Inclosure Bills.

662 2° Julii. A. 1801.

Opinion thereupon, to the House; and which Resolutions were, upon the 24th Day of last, agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Rejoined, That, in all Bills for inclosing Lands or " Commons, which shall be presented to the House after " this Session of Parliament, there be inserted a Clause, " providing what Sum of Money in the Whole shall be " paid to each of the Commissioners to be appointed by " such Bill, in full Satisfaction of the Expence and " Trouble which he shall incur in the Execution of the * Trusts and Powers thereby given; or that, in Default " of such Provision being made, there be inserted a iC Cluule providing that the Account of such Commis* " fioner or Commissioners, containing a true Statement " of all Sums by him or them received and expended, or due to him or them for their own Trouble or Expences, shall, at least once in every Year, from the Date " of the passing of such Act: till l'uch Accounts shall be " linally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating " to the fame, be examined by some Person or Persons " in such Bill to be named, and the Balance by him or " them stated in the Book of Accounts already requited " to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of such Commissioners; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or " be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed " by such Person or Persons.

" Refo/ved, That, in all such Bills as above mentioned, " Provision be made that no Wit nets summoned to " attend such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be " obliged to travel above Eight Miles from the Bounclary of the Parish, Manor, or District,-thereby intended to be inclosed.

" Refo/ved, That in all such Bills, Provision be made for u empowering and requiring the Commissioner or Commissioners named in such Bills to appoint One or more " Surveyor or Surveyors, with or without a Salary, for " the first forming and completing such Parts of the " public Carriage Roads directed to be let out and appointed by such Bill as shall be newly made, and for " putting into complete Repair such Part of the same " as shall have been previously made, and for defraying " the Expence of such Salary, and of forming, completing, and repairing such Roads respectively, over and above a Proportion of the Statute Duty on the Roads to be so repaired, either by Sale of a sufficient " Portion of the said Lands, or by a Rate to be settled " and apportioned by such Commissioner or Commissioners upon the Owners and Proprietors of the " same; and in case of Sale of such Lands, for the " Payment of the Produce thereof, before the Execution of the Award to such Surveyor or Surveyors, to " be accounted for as hereinafterdirected, and for making " a conditional Rate upon such Owners and Proprietors, " in case the Produce of such Sale should prove infuslicient for the Purposes aforesaid, and for subjecting " such Surveyor or Surveyors, and his or their Accounts, " to the Jurisdiction and Controul of the Justices of the " Peace in all Respects whatever, and with the same " Powers of levying such Rate as may by such Justices " be thought nccelfary, according to the Proportions " previously ascertained by such Commissioner or Commissioners, in like Manner as if he or they had been " appointed by virtue of the General Highway Act, " passed in the 13th Year of His present Majesty, and " for the Re-payment of any Surplus that may remain " in his or their Hands after such Roads shall be completely formed and repaired, to such Persons as shall " have been made liable to contribute thereto, according " to the Proportions above mentioned, and for preventing any Charge or Burthen being Laid on the Inl.abicants at large, except such Proportion of such " Statute Duty as aforesaid, until the same shall by such " Justices in their special Sessions, be so ordered or di*

" rested; and for enforcing by certain Penalties on " such Surveyor or Surveyors to be specified in such " Bill, the completing and repairing such Roads within " Two Years after the said Award, unless such Justices " shall, on sufficient Caiife being alledged and proved to their Satisfaction, grant a further Time, not exceeding " One Year.

" Refo/ved, That in all such Bills, whenever any Sum " of Money is under the Provisions of such Bill to be " paid for the Piirchafe or Exchange of any Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or <c Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money " ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the " same Uses, Provision shall be made for empowering " the Commissioner or Commissioners named in such " Bill out of such Sum to defray such Proportion of the " Expence of passing such Act, and carrying the same " into Execution, as shall (if any) be charged upon any " of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the " Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees, in Post'cfiion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lb fold or exchanged, or on " which such Timber or Wood actually grew, and also " the Expence of any permanent Improvement, such as " building, l'ubdividing, draining, or planting, and the " like, which shall, in the Judgment of such Commisfioner or Commissioners, be proper to be made, and " shall be made, under his or their Direction, upon any " Lands to be by virtue of such Bill allotted to such " Person or Persons, Bod}' Politic or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees respectively; and that the Surplus " thereof, not being lei's than the Sum of Two Hundred " Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the " Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant " General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his " Account, ex parte the Commissioner or Commissioners under such particular Bill, or under such other " Title as by the said Bill shall be directed, purl'uant " to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth " Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, " and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, and shall, when lb paid in, there " remain until the same shall, by Order of the said " Court, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said " Court in a summary Way, be applied either in the " Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of " any Debts or Incumbrances aftefting the said Lands; " Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased or exchanged, or until the same shall, upon the like Application, be laid out in a summary Way, after allowing " for the Expences necessarily attending such Purchase, " by Order of the said Court, in the Purchase of other " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be lettled to " the like Lies; and in the mean Time, and until such " Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out " in some of the public Funds, or in Government or " Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising " therefrom shall, by Order of the said Court, be paid " to such Person or Persons as would, for the Time " being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such " Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to bepurdialed, conveyed, and lettled; and in case such Sum " of Money shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred " Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, " then and in such same such Sum of Money shall, with " the Approbation of such Commissioner or Commii- sioners, be paid into the Bank of England, and applied, by Order of the Court of Chancery, in Manner " hereinbefore directed, or may, without any Order of " the Court of Chancery, be paid into the Hands of " Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would be entitled to the " Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, so to be purchased and settled, such " Nomination to be approved of by such Commis-

" fioner

41 Geo. III.

fioner or Commissioners, and such Nomination and Approbation to be in Writing, under the Hands of " the Person so nominating and approving; and the Money so paid to such Trustees shall, by them, be ap-41 plied in like Manner as is before directed with respect to the Money so to be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, but without any Order of the said Court touching the Application thereof; and in case such Sum of Money shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then " the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who, 44 for the Time being, would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land , Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and conveyed for his, her, 44 or their own Use and Benefit.

44 Resolved, That no Person shall be named in any such

44 Bill as a Commissioner, Surveyor, or Valuer, who shall be interested in the Inclosure to be made by virtue of such Bill, or the Agent ordinarily interested with the Care, Superin tendance, or Management, of the Estate of any Person so interested.

44 Resolved, That in all such Bills there be inserted a

44 Clause, by which the Commissioner or Commissioners shall be required to set out the public Carriage Roads in such Directions as shall upon the Whole appear to him or them most commodious for the Public, and to ascertain the same by Marks and Bounds, and to pre- pare a Map in which such intended Roads shall be ac- curately laid down and described, such Map signed by the Commissioner, if only One, or the major Part of the said Commissioners, to bedeposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioner or Commissioners; and, as soon as may be alter such Carriage Roads shall have been so set out, and such Map so deposited, to give Notice in some Newspaper to be named, circulating within that Part of the County where such intended Inclosure shall lie, which Notice shall also be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish of his or their having set out such Roads and deposited such Map, 44 and also of the general Lines of such intended Carriage

Roads j and to appoint, in the same Notice, a Meeting to be held by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, 44 at some convenient Place in or near to the Parish or Township within which the Inclosure is to be made, 44 and not sooner than Three Weeks from the Date of such Notice, at which Meeting any Person who may be injured or aggrieved by the letting out of such Roads, may attend; and if any Person shall object to the set ting out of the fame, that then the Commissioner or Commissioners, together with any justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division in which such Inclosure shall be made, and not being interested in the fame, who may attend such Meeting, 44 shall hear and determine such Objection, and the Ob- jedtions of any other such Person to any Alteration that the said Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, may in consequence propose to make, 44 and shall, according to their Judgment upon the Whole, order and finally direct how such Carriage Road shall be set out, and either confirm the said Map, 44 by resigning the fame, or make such Alterations therein, as the same may require; and in case such Commissioner or Commissioners shall by such Bill be empowered to stop up any old or accustomed Road passing through any Part of the old Inclosures in " such Parish, Township, or Place, the same shall in no same be done without the Concurrence and Order of " Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for such Di J 44 vision, and not interested in the Repair of such Roads, 44 and be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, 44 in like Manner as if the same was originally ordered by such Justices as aforesaid."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution, which, upon the 24th Day of June last. Was reported from the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

Vol. 56.

663

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

44 Resolved, That Bills for the Purpose of inclosing small Tracts of Land, not exceeding Three Hundred " Acres, and effecting the same by Clauses usual in such Bills, shall be considered, as to the Payment of Fees,

44 only as Single Bills; and that those for the Inclosure of small Tracts of Land, to be effected, as above, not exceeding One Hundred Acres, shall be subject only " to the Payment of Half the Bill Fees due on a Single Bill; the Admeasurement in both Cafes to be proved according to such Form as may be prescribed by any Act passed in this Session of Parliament."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer* to House, That their Address of Saturday last (that His Ad<ll'cfl's‘ Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Pounds, Irish Currency, be advanced to the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland for amending an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the -Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Discovery of Charitable Donations and Be- quells " and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and (hat His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, That their Address of last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Barton,

Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Jthn Barton, as is defi red.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, That their Address of last (that His,

Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Twelve Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Charles Bragge, Esquire, for his Services to this House, in the present Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, That their AddreflTes of last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah , Esquire,

Clerk Assistant of this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be issued to John,

Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of Five Hundred Pounds; and to affine His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that H is Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer likewise reported to the House, That their Addresses of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Pounds, to be advanced

2° Ju

6^4

2° Juliu

A. 1801.

vanced to Mr. Samuel Dunn, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Forty-fifth Volume; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. George Whittam, for making an Index to the Votes

of this House of the present Session, and for defraying the Expence of printing the same; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order such Compensation, as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to the Clerks who have attended Public Committees of the House of Commons in the present Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty i and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions asdefired by the said Addrefl'es.

An additional Rcjolved, Nemine Contra That, in Consideration

a^rimed* of the Increase of Public Business, the Clerk of this appom e . pjoufe be permitted to appoint an additional Clerk to assist at the Table.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Foyai a (Tent The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

to Bills. Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, and for proroguing this present Parliament, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, and the Earl of Rofslyn, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain:

An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided:

An Act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble, and granting another Duty in Lieu thereof:

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same:

An Act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise:

An Act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland; and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures cicated by an Act of this Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Malt, and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty:

An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Ware-houses, at their own Expence, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Eight:

An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the said States:

An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's until the

Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to the making the Port of Saint John, in the Island of Antigua, a free Port until the Tenth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the End of the War, and Six Months after the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Six, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for reviving, continuing until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Britisho Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-leventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and and

other Places in the United Kingdom:

An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employment, Fees, and Pensions, in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland, for a certain Period:

An Act for regulating, until the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament:

An Act to stay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms:

An Act to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until the figtiing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from

4i Geo. III. a Julii. 5

from thence until Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Ille of Malta to be Part

of Europe:

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Public Peace and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland:

An Act to authorize the Judges, to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath:

An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of

His Majesty:

An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and by

securing the Copies and Copy-right of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time therein mentioned:

An Act for consolidating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts usually required on the passing of such Acts:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for the better Preserva-u tion of Timber in The New , in the County of uSouthampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of u the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within u the fame:"

An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, Xnd otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also, for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River OttJe, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates, situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calvertonand Woo in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner therein mentioned.

An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of belonging to the

Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton: An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto:

An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing: An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the " River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Beck " Mouth to The Clough on the East Corner of " and for extending, the said Navigation from the said " Clough into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in '* the East Riding of the County of Yorkand to extend and improve the said Navigation:

An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called IVildmore Fen, and The IVf and East Fens, in the Coqnty of Lincoln, and also, the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Vol. 56.

Townships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining the reto:

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, , Gringley-

on the-Hill, Mifterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County:

An Act for empowering certain Trullees therein named to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annesley, of Bletchington Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, and Thomas Bradford, of Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annejley, situate in the County of York, discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, 3nd to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annesley, of Bletchington, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annesley, late of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley, of Bletchington, in the said County of Oxford', and for other Purposes:

An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trulls irt* such Indentures mentioned, for enabling the Trullees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and assure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew; for enabling,

Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trullees, in Trull, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release, or Extinguishment, of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, Copy-hold, and Customary Tenants of the said Manors reflectively; and also, the enfranchising, or reducing tofmall Fines certain, the several Customary or Copyhold Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for changing the Scitc of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting proper Buildings thereon:

An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable

tnd Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the bounty of Middlesex

8 G An

666 JuliL . 1801*

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lamefley and Canfield, or One of them, in the County of Durham:

An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benediil, and Saint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge:

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting,

" and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands " and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds,

" within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Fe/tham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex," as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill, as Lord of the said Manor:

An Act for enabling Henry Michael Goold, Esquire, to charge certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins, Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their respective Minorities:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Che/ston, otherwise Chelvejion cum Ca, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste , Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath and Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Major,

otherwise Tollejlmnt Beckingham, in the county of:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian Jones his now Wjfe, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele.

And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commissioners was delivered to both Houses by the Lord High Chancellor; which is as followed!; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We have it in Command from His Majesty to acquaint you, that, on account of the advanced Period of the Season, and the State of Public Business, He is induced to relieve you from a longer Attendance in Parliament.

His Majesty highly commends the Wisdom, Temper,

and Diligence, which have' marked all your Proceedings; and particularly acknowledges the Assiduity and Zeal with which you have pursued the Investigation of the important Subjects brought under your Consideration, in consequence of the severe Pressure occasioned by the High Price of Corn, The beneficial Effects of the Measures you have suggested for the Alleviation of this Calamity, have afforded His Majesty great Consolation; and He has the utmost Satisfaction in indulging the Hope, that, under the Favour of Providence, the Blefiings of Plenty will be restored by the Produce of the ensuing Harvest.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

His Majesty has directed us to return you His particular Thanks for the liberal Provision which you have made for the various Branches of the Public Service. While He regrets the Necessity of Supplies so large, it is a Relief to His Majesty to observe, that the Resources and continued Prolperity of the Country have enabled you to distribute the Public Burthens in such a Manner as to press with as little Severity as possible on His faithful Subjects.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The brilliant and repeated Successes of His Majesty's Arms by Sea and Land, important as they are in their immediate Consequences, are not less satisfactory to His Majesty's Mind, as affording fresh and decisive Proofs of that vigorous Exertion, undaunted Valour, and steady Perseverance, which distinguish the National Character, and on which the chief Reliance must be placed for Respect Abroad, and for Confidence and Security at Home. Events so honourable to the British Name derive, at the present Moment, peculiar Value in His Majesty's Estimation, from their Tendency to facilitate the Attainment of the great Object of His unceasing Solicitude, the Restoration of Peace on fair and adequate Terms. They furnish at the same Time an additional Pledge, that if the Sentiments of Moderation and Justice which will ever govern His Majesty's Conduct, should be rendered unavailing in this Instance, by unrealonable Pretensions on the Part of His Enemies, the Spirit and Firmness of His People will continue to be manifested by such Efforts and Sacrifices, as may be necessary for averting the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and for maintaining the permanent Interests of the Empire.

After which a Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 6th Day of August next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 6th Day of August next.

Mr. Speaker having, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of, His present Majesty, made his Appointment of Members of the House of Commons for the issuing Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cafes therein mentioned, the same is here entered, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act; and is as follows:

IN PURSUANCE of the Directions of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the " House of Commons to issue his Warrant to the " Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the " Election of Members to l'erve in Parliament, in the " Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting *. other Provisions for the like Purposes," I do hereby nominate and appoint the Right honourable Sir William Grant, Knight, Matter of the Rolls, the Right honourable

Parliament

prorogued.

41 Geo. III. 6° AugtijU — 15® — 42* 667

able Sir William Scott, Knight, the Right honourable S'h cop hi lit s Jones, the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint

John, William Plumer, Esquire, Thomas Berney Jlott, Esquire, and William Esquire* being

Members of the House of Commons, or any one of them, to execute all and 'Angular the Powers given to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, for issuing such Warrants as in the said Act are specified by virtue of the said Act, subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Exceptions as in the said Act are contained. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Second Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Joint Mitford,

Speaker.

To the Clerk of the 1 House of Commons, i

4.

Martis, 150 die Septembris 5

Anno 41° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1 801:

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the ProTOeued* Country;

A Message was brought from the »Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons;

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers; to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the and Day of next; and the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until ‘Thursday the 2 2d Day of October next.

Jovis, 6° die Augujii j

Anno 41* Georgii III*41 Regis, 1801.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A MefTage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the

Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the r5th Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the r5th Day of September next*

Jovis, 2 2° die OBobris;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP" Regis, i8or.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last g Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Melfage was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Deputy Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 29th Day of this Instant October; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 29th Day of this Instant October.

Geo. Ill

APPENDIX

TO THE

FIFTY-SIXTH VOLUME,

Self. I 8 O I.

APPENDIX. LIST of the APPENDIX. 1 PAGE

(No. i.) 9® Februarii. ACCOUNT from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of £-4,767,991. 4i. 11 d. in One Vear, from February 3d 1800, to January 31st 1801, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of £.1,220,985. 8r. J, to be applied in the Quarter between the ift February and the ift of May 1801 - - . - -' 1 676.

(No. 2.) 9® Februarii. ARMY. — ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the following Periods: — Viz. Those in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from 25th December 1800, to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days; and those in Ireland, from ift January 1801, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days 684.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, See. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope; and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1800, to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days ----- ----- - 685.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801 - -- -- 688.

A PAPER, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the " Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801 ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, for the Year 1801 - -- -- -- 690.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1800, to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days - -- -- - 691.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 25th December l8co, to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days ----- ----- ----- ----- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting, and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Charge of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1801 692.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801 - -- ----- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801 - -- -- -- Q\ NO 4*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year 1801 - -- -- -- 69 5‘

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1800, to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days - -- -- -- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Paymaster General; for the Year 1801 ----- ----- - 696.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; — of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer; — and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces w hile on a March, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; for the Year 1801 - ..... - - ibid.

- ESTIMATE

Vol. 56.

8 H

670 Lift of Appendix. i£qi

appendix. (No. 2.) 9° Februorii} continued. \ I ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1801 1 ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States Ge- 1 697-ibid. ibid. ibid. 698. ibid. 699* ibid.

V — — A ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1 ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainhaxn \ and of the \ Expences of the said Hospitals for the Year 1801 ----- ----- - - -- -1 ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the Year 1801 - - 1 ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 1 for the Year 1801 - -- -- - - -- - - - - -- 1 ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1801 - 1 ESTIMATE of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that Part of the 1 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland *, and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for 1 Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from ill January 1801, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days - - - 1

(No. 3.) ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, for Nine Months, from ift April to 31st December 1801,

90 Febru and of the said Charge in Ireland, for One Year, to 4th January 1802 - 7°o.

(No. 4.) NAVY. — ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for Ten Lunar Months of the Year 1801

1 a® Februarii. ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War In His Ma* /w7*

jetty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of

Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1801 ----- ----- ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads thereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1800 7ll

ESTIMATE of the Sums that will be wanted for the Service of Transports and Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad, / *

between the 26th March and the 31st December 1801, being Ten Lunar Months - - -- -- - 7ia,

ESTIMATE of what Money may be wanted for the Subsistence, See. of Sick Prisoners of War, for Ten Lunar1 Months, in the

ibid.

(No. j.) ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1801 ----- - ibid.

12° Februarii. ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation of the Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons and Infantry of the Line,

and of the Charge of Twelve New Companies of Invalids, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

called Great Britain, from 25th March 1801, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days - 7i3-

(No. 6.) ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Duty on Paper for Three Years, to the 5th July 1800, distinguishing each Year 714.

18° Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties imposed on Tea in the Years 1795, 1796, and 1798, for Three Years, to 5th July 9 I

1800, distinguishing each Duty and each Year - -- -- -- ib

ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Printed Goods for Three Years, to 5th July 1800, distinguishing each Article

subject to a different Rate of Duty j together with the Total Net Produce of all the said Duties for the find Years - ibid.

(No. 7.) ACCOUNT for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800, of the Number of Horses kept for the Purposes of Riding, or drawing

\ / / A* T1 I Four-wheel Carriages, and Chaises; distinguishing the Number of Horses kept by Persons having only One each, from those

18 Februarii. where Two, or more, are kept by the same Person; also, the Number of Horses kept and used for other Purposes, and chargeable

with Duty - -- 7*5-

(No. 8.) ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Sugar imported and exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Three Years ending

ibid.

18° Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Pepper imported, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Three Years ending the

5th January 1800; distinguishing each Year ----- ---- ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties (after deducing the Drawbacks) on the therein-mentioned Articles of Wood, in the

716.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Lead exported in the Three Years ending the 5 th of January 1800; distinguishing each Year ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Railing, distinguishing the Sorts, imported, exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in

the Years ending the 5 th January 1798, 1799, and 1800 - - - ..... ibid.

(No. 9.) AMOUNT of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, Sea Policies, and the Three-Shillings additional

Duty of 1797 on Charter Party Bonds, Surrenders, and Agreements j and the Average thereof for Two Years ended

18° Februarii. VI-

(No. 10.) ACCOUNT of the Grefs and Net Produce of the General Post Office, for Six Years, to the 5th April 1800 - ibid.

l8° Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the General Poll Office, for Three Years, to 5th April 1800 - . ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce and Net Exchequer Payments of the General Post Office, for Three Years, to the 5th

ibid.

i- 1 1 appendix. (No. 11.) 190 Februarii. NATIONAL DEBT. — Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31st January 1 Bo 1 - PAGE.

(No. 12.) ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties on Income, granted per Act 39 Geo. III.

Cap. 13. outstanding and undischarged - ----- ----- ---- 726.

19* Febru ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported,

granted per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76. outstanding and undischarged - - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills raised per Acts 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33. on the Credit of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1800, outstanding and undischarged - -- ibid.

(No. 13.) ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of 727.

230 Februarii. ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift Ja- ibid.

nuary to the 31st December 1801 - - . - - - - .

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th ibid.

June 1801, to the 31st of December 1801

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward Island, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1801 - -- 728.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th June ibid\

1801, to the 31st December 1801 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in America, from the ift of April ibid.

1801, to the 31st December 1801 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Ulands in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty-Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from ift January to 31st ibidi

December 1801 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somer's Ulands) from 24th June 1801 to 7*9-

A PAPER, intituled, €t Dominica Estimate of the Civil Establishment, from the ift January to 31st December 1801" ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1800, to ibid.

the 31st Day of December 1801 ——

ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills expected in the course of the Year 1801, from, or on Account of, New South Wales ibidi

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to tht Provisions of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1801 ----- ----- -- 73°*

ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Commission under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, including the Salaries of the British Commissioners, for the Year 1801 - - - -- - - -- -- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1800 ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expences likely to be incurred for confining and maintaining Convicts at Home, for Nine Months, to 31st December 1801, inclusive ----- ----- ----- ---- 731*

ESTIMATE of the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons — for printing and delivering the Votes } — and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons 5 for One Year, to the 31st December 1801, inclusive - -- -- -- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1801 - - ibid.

(No. 14.) ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, bjr the Interest of Annuities of any

Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13. as required by the

24° Februarii. 72d Section of the said Act } — And also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect

of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1801 - -- - 732.

(No. 15.) PUBLIC OFFICES — Account, shewing what Increase, or Diminution, has taken place in the Number, and Amount of the Salariesi

25° Februarii. Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for the Year 1800 742.

(No. 16.) IRELAND. — Twenty-fifth Report of the Commissioners of Account in Ireland (dated 31st January 1801) with an Account of the 756.

2* Martii. Receipts and Disbursements, for One Year, ending the 25th Day of December 1800 - - -- -- - /

(No. 17.) ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1800, have been disposed of \ distinguished under the 767.

20 Mar.

(No. 18.) ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to Addresses, and which have not been made good by Parliament - -- -- -- 774.

9* Martii. ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for Nine Months, to the ibid.

31st December 1801 ——

ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, — Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, — certain Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalists; for Nine Months, to 31st December 1801, inclusive - -- ----- ----- 77$

ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament 5 — Specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said ibid.

; Monies were advanced} — and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively ——

! IRELAND. 1

Vol. 56.

APPENDIX.

(No. 19.) 10° Ma

(No. 20.)

130 Martii.

IRELAND. — Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, at the ift Day of January 1801, so far as the same can be ascertained ....

Eiliunre of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Incidental Expences of the Treasury in Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802 ——

Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of working the Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802....

Estimate of Expence of Statutes at large for the Use of the Members of the late Parliament who were entitled to them, and who have not yet received them ——

Estimate of Cloathing His Majesty's Heralds, Purfuivants, and State Trumpeters, for Three Years, from the 25th March 1801

Estimate of Expence of Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards, due on ift June 1801

Estimate of Expence of printing Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending 5th January 1802 ——

Estimate of the Sum necessary in order to pay Artificers, and complete the East Wing of the Public Offices at the Law Courts

Estimate of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

Estimate of the Charge for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1802 -

Estima:es under the Head of Civil Buildings, from the ift January 1801, to the 5th January 1802 ——

Estimate of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin for 1801 ——

Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursemerrts, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Castle, and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy, Purfuivants, and Extra Messengers, attending the said Offices, for One Year ——

IRELAND-r — 1. Abstract of the Duties collected under the Commissioners of Customs and Excise in Ireland (exclusive of the Appropriated Duties;) also, an Account of the Stamp Duties and Post Office Revenue $ for One Year, with the Expence of Management, Drawbacks, Premiums, &c. from Lady day 1799 to Lady-day 1800

2. AbstradV of the several Appropriated Duties in Ireland, for One Year, from Lady-day 1799 to Lady-day 1800 -

3. State of the Establishments and other Charges of Government, in Ireland, for One Year; the Civil List ending the 25th, and the Military the 31st of March 1800 $ together with the Payments made by the Treasury, the Arrears remaining unfotisfied, and the Remains....

State of the Duties and Aids applicable to the Loans, and the Charges thereon, in Ireland, for One Year, from Lady-day 1799 to Lady-day j8ooj together with a general State of the Loan Funds, and also of die Surplus thereof at Lady-day 1800

5. General State of the National Account of Ireland, for One Year, from Lady-day 1799 to Lady-day 18005 with a State distinguishing the Funded from the Unfunded Debt ——

6. General State of the several Appropriated Duties in Ireland, (exclusive of the Loan which appears in No. 4.) for One Year, from

Lady-day 1799 to Lady-day 1800 ....

page.

77.

ibid.

ibid.

777-

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

778.

ibid.

ibid.

779-

(No, 21.) 24' Martii.

(No. 22.) 2 50 Martii.

(No. 23.) 26° Martii.

(No. 24.) 26° Martii.

(No. 25.)

27° Martii.

INCOME — Account of the Total Produce of the Tax upon Income, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, as far as the same can be made up andeftimated 5, distinguishing the Amount in consequence of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners

IRELAND. — 1. Account, Shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year ending Lady-day 1800, for Ireland\ with the Remains on the former Year, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads ——

2. Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury for Ireland, in One Year, from Lady-day 1799 to Lady-day 18005 together with the Remains ——

CONSOLIDATED FUND — Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Year ended ft h January 1801, and aIfo of the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year $ and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it stood on the 5th January 1801 - -- ....

Account of the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, existing before the Year 1793; and alloof the Taxes imposed in each fuhfe-quest Year 5 taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon 5th January 1800 and fth January 1801 -

STATE of the Account of the British Museum, 1800$ and Estimate of Accounts for 1801

ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1800

(No. 76.) 270 Martii

IRELAND. — Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the several Public Boards in Ireland

Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of several Permanent Public Services in Ireland -

Account of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the Public Hospitals and Schools in Ireland -

Account of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1801 - - ..... ....

(No, 27 )

;o° Martii.

IRELAND. — Account shewing the Gross and Net Produce of the Port and Inland Revenues of Ireland, for the Year ended 2$th March 1800 j exclusive of the Duties on Malt, Home-made Spirits, and on Spirits imported ——

Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into Ireland in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon - -- --.....- .

Account

A P P E N E» 1 X- (No.' 27.) 30° Martii, continued. J Account of the Quantity of Refined Sugar imported into Ireland in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Account of the Number of Tons of Coals imported into Ireland in the Year ended 25th March iSoOj with the Grols and Net page. 808. ibid. 809. ibid, ibid.

Account of the Number of Pounds of Tea imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon - - ----- --- - - Account of the Number of Pounds of Pepper imported into Ireland in the Year ended 25th March 1800, with the C-roh and Net Produce of the Revenue thereon ----- --- Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits distilled in Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March i8co, with the Gross Produce of Revenue thereon ——

(No. 2S.) 310 Martii. IRELAND. — Account of an additional Sum necessary for the Dublin Society, in the Year 1801 ----- -- Account of a Sum necessary for promoting the Purposes of the Fanning Societies in Ireland, for the Year 1 Sol - ibid. ibid.

(No. 29.) 17° Apr His. PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT. — Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the same hood on the id of February 1 & 1 i <$cc. - . - ----- - Account of the Prcgress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain to ift February 1801; &c. 810. 812.

(No. 30.) 2.00 April is. INCOME. — Account of the Actual, and Ehimated, Expence of collecting the Tax on Income, for the Years 1799 and 1800 - 814.

(No. 31.) 210 Apr His. IRELAND. — Estimate of the Charge of Additional Field Officers to the several Corps of Militia in Ireland, from the 24th ibid.

(No. 32.) 290 A prills. PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. — Account /hewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day ot January 18:70, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th January 1801, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transpoit Bills, issued, and not redeemed, during the said Year, have been usually applied, &c. 815.

(No. 33.) 29* Ap IRELAND. — Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Duke of Portland, dated Dublin Castle, April 1S01; inclosing. Account of such Places and Offices of Profit, under the Crown in Ireland, as are actually held by Members of the House -of Commons - ----- ----- --- 8.6.

(No. 34.) y° Maii. UNFUNDED DEBT. — Account of the Unfunded Debtand Demands Outstanding on the 5th of January 1801; under the Heads of — Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil Lilt Advances, — and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the fame: Together with an Appendix of Vouchers thereto ----- ----- -- Si?.

(No. 35.) 8° Maii. EAST INDIA. — Accounts of the Annual Revenue of, and Annual Charges defrayed by, the East India Company, in the several and respective Provinces of Bengal; Fort St. George; Bombay; the Residency of Fort Marlbro'; the IslandcfSt. Helena, and Factory of Canton: Together with an Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of March 1801, containing the Amount of the Proceedings of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain; Sec. - - - - 823

(No. 36.) 8° M IRELAND. — Accounts of the Sums of Money levied in several of the Counties of Ireland, at the Spring and Summer Assizes for the Year 1800; &c ----- ----- --- 832.

(No. 37.) 11° Maii. VOTE of CREDIT. — Account of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million Four Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted to His Majesty, per Act 39/40 Geo. III. Cap. IC9, u to enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigencies of Affairs may require " ----- ---- ----- - — . — Account of the Distribution of the Sum of JT. 1,395.414. zs. od. being Part of the Sum of £. 1,400,000. granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigency of A hairs may require: Paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces ----- -- ibid.

(No. 38.) 130 Mail. IRELAND. — Particulars of the Account of the Expellees of the Court of Exchequer, Court of King's Bench, and Court of Common Pleas, in Ireland; of which the Totals are expressed in the AbstraUt of the Receipts and I/fues of the Treasury in Ireland. [See Appendix (N° 22.) of this Volume.]; preftnted pursuant to Order of 28th April 1801 ----- -- 843*

(No. 39.) 140 Maii. FOUR-AND-i PER-CENT DUTIES. — Account of the several Charges upon the Fund arising from the Duties of Four-and-an-Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Let ward Islands, together with the Dates of the different Charges - PENSIONS. — Account x>f all Provisions granted since the ift of January 1797, with the Names of the Persons to whom granted, and the Amount of each - -- -- -- -- 844. 845*

(No. 40.) 18° Maii. io°& 240 Junii. TRADE AND NAVIGATION. — Accounts of the Value of all Imports into, and Exports from Great Britain; for Sixteen Years. — OfVcftels, with their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and registered from 178; to 1801. — Of Vessels, with their Tonnage, and Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, from 1788 to 1800. — OfVcftels, with their Tonnage, and Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, which have entered Inwards and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Great Britain, from 17 89 to 1801 j See. - ----- ---- 846.

ACCoUN r }

Vol. 56. 8 I

67+ Lift of Appendix. A. 1801,

APPENDIX. (No. 41.) IQ* Mali. ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sura of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred '* a ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for raising the Sura of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred* - -- -- - ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred " , . page. 869. ibid. ibid.

(No. 42.) 20* Matt. REVENUE. — Account of the Produce of the Duties on Cards, and Dice, for the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year Account of the Produce of the Three-Shilling Deed Duty, imposed in 1797, for the last Two Years ----- - Amount of the Stamp Duty on Probates, &c. for Three Years, ending January 5th, 1801 ----- -- Account of the Produce of the Duty on Ale Licences, for Three Years, ending ift August 1783; distinguishing each Year - ibid. 870. ibid. ibid.

(No. 43,) 22° Maiu ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Portugal and Madeira Wines, imported into the several Ports of England in the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800; distinguishing each Year - -- -- -- 871.

(No. 44.) 27* Mali. CROWN REVENUES. — Account shewing the Amount of the Monies which would have been applicable to the Expenses of His Majesty's Civil Government in England, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, 872.

(No. 45.) 1° Jun ACCOUNT of the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of the Veterinary College, during the Years 1795, l79&> *797* l79 % > 1799> and 1800 - -- - - -- - -- - ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Veterinary College, for the Year ending 2ill February 1801 - ACCOUNT of the Debts of the Veterinary College 874. ibid. ibid.

(No. 46.) a* Junii. ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings and other Fish at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom, has been disposed of - -- -- -- ibid.

(No. 47.) 2* Jun PUBLIC INCOME. — Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1801; &c, - - - 876.

(No. 48.) 3* Junii. A further ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, pursuant to Addreftes, not being Part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in the Exchequer of Contributions to Lotteries granted prior to the Year 1799; distinguishing each Year ----- ----- ----- -- - - - ACCOUNT of the Monies relfcrved for particular Services, which have remained in the Exchequer fmee the 10th Day of May 1787, and which have not been called for; distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are reserved 877, ibid. ibid.

(No. 49.) 3* Ju MILITARY COLLEGE. — N° 1. Estimate of the Sum that will probably be required in the Year 1801, on Account of the Purchase of Land, and the Construction of Buildings, for a Royal Military College - r ----- -- N° 1. Proposal for the Establiljiment of a Military College, and General Estimate; referring to Three Papers, marked (A) . Royal Military College, Senior Department. (B) . Royal Military College, Junior Department. (C.) Royal Military College, General Staff ----- ---- N° 3. Extract of a Report to His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief from the Quarter Master General and Adjutant General, on the Plan proposed for founding a Military College - -- - N° 4. Estimate of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, on Account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers - -- 878. ibid. 881. 882.

(No. 50.) 3* Junii. A further ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Servioes from the Civil List, not being Part of the prdinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively ----- - ibid.

(No. 51.) 5* Junit. ARMY EXTRAORDINARIES. — Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 2,500,000, granted to His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1800, paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's 883.

ESTIMATE

41 Geo. III. Lift of Appendix. 675

Y APPENDIX. (No. 52.) 90 Ju ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone, for 1801 - - PAGE. 892.

(No. 53.) 150 Junto. ACCOUNT of the Estimated Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, including the Arrears outfhnding to 5th April 1S01 ibid.

(No. 54.) 15° J IRELAND. — Account of the Civil Establishment of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, up to the 25th December 1800 . - ibid.

(No. 55.) 23° J SCOTLAND — Lift of all such Sum and Sums of Money as are incurred, and become due, upon His Majesty's Establishment for Civil Affairs within Scotland; for One Year, ending the ift Day of January 1801; &c. ----- --- 893-

(No. 56.) a 9° Junii. SUBSIDIES. — Account of the several Sums of Money advanced, by way of Loan or Subfuly, to diflerfent States, from the Commencement of the present War; kc - - - - 897.

Vol. 56.

Appendix

J, i So i

676

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.4,767,991. 4 11 in One Year, tom

Reduction of the

D" _ _ - The said Commissioners with the

To CASH Paid for the/allowing Stock purchased as the Act diretts:

Capital Stock.

1,742,666 - - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

1,544,751 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

241,300 - - - Old South Sea Annuities

147,000 - - - New South Sea Annuities 19,000 - - - £.3 perCcnt. Annuities, 1751

£. d.

1,105,214. 3 8

97i, S58 4 6

Si-590 17 6

91,399 5 —

12,030 ——

£ 3»694>7 7

2,332,792 to 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17931

70,204 ~ - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -

68,452 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

£ ' *

- 44,759 1 9

- 42'9*° 9 9

87,669 11 6

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

174,841 - - - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities 178,417- - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

« 111471 16 6 - 111,846 7 5

223,318 3 11

.4,186,631

Carried over - - £.

2,643.780 6 I

February 3d 1800 to January 31st 1801, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. for the National Debt.

Governor and Company of the Bank of.

C\

By CASH Received at sundry Times

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Jflues . - -

I>.....being an additional I/Tue

For 6 Months Interest; on £. 16441,859 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 -D° J - - - 2,090,000 New South Sea Annuities - - - D®

D°..... . 565,000 ^.3 perCent. Annuities 1751 - - j - D° -

D° - 10,337,916 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 -

D° ----- -- 2,613,000 Old South Sea Annuities* - - - D° - - - *

D® ----- -- 507,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, - - - D®

D° - 17,539,205 Consolidated £. 3 perCent* Annuities, due 5th July 1800 -

D° ----- - - 2,165,000 New South Sea Annuities - - - D° £

- 577,000 £.3 Per Cent. Annuities, 1751 - - - D° -

JD° - - - - 10,851,673 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due iQth of October 1800 -

jy..... . 2,755 ,000 Old South Sea Annuities, - - - D° - - - *

D° - -- -- 507,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, - . - - - D° - -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer and unclaimed for Three Years, before 5th January 1800 ——

D® - - - i - - being the Amount of Annuities on Lives expired between 5th January 1786 and 5th January

1800; x»/«.

*7 45 1746

*757

1778

*779

£ 2>93S —

6,412 ——

7,184 10 — 201 13 — 627 — —

D°

v/«. for

- being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th February 1792;

99 Years..... £-48>5i5 a 4

96 Years ----- ----- -- 6,365 12 —

For the Amount of th^fearly Payment on the Annuities, 1777 - -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent* per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £.6,250,000 Gonfolidaied £. 3 per Certt* Annuities - - £.62,500 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £.432,684 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 6490 5 2

D® ----- - - 372,012 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 - - 5,580 3 7

----- - - 467,922 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5 th July 1800 - 7,018 16 7

D® ----- -- 405,354 Reduced Artnuities Consolidatedi due 10th October 1800 - 6,080 6 2

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent* per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 11,006,000 £.5 per Cent. Annuities - - - £. 110,006 — —

*>750,000 £.4 per Cent. Annuities - 27,500 ——

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11 r. 5 d. per Cent, on £. 11,000,000.

for 661 Years - - - *.....9,680 —

£.1,926,525. 12. 5. £. J per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Vi&oalling Bills - - 19,265 5 — ‘

For 6 Months Interest on £.897,760 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January i8co 13466 8 —

- 910*673 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 - 13,660 1 10

D° ----- - - 985,520 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1800 - 14,782 16 —

D° - -- -- 997,577 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800 - 14,963 13 f

Carried ovpr - £.

Vol. 56. 8 K

£. /. d.

i,oooo,ood — —

200,000 — —

246,627 17 8

31,350 ——

8,475 — — 155,068 14 9

39 *95 ——

10.140 — —

263,088 1 6

32,475 — ‘ — 8,655 — — i6z,77J 1 to

41,325 ——

10.140 — —

96,136 7 7

17,360 13 —

*54,83o 14 4 25,000 — —

9,33*792 10 *

87,669 11 6

223,318 3 11

2,643,780 6 t

678

Appendix

A. 1801

J

£ 4,186,631

270.113

*75»*3*

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17955

Brought over -

Consolidated £. 3 per Clint. Annuities -Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

I7»,2t3 3 7 172,788 6 9

£ t. d.

2,643,780 6 I

345,001 10 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

30*0,820 - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities i

3‘3>4®5 Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

- ,9,79I 9 "

- 196,504 17 6

388,296 7 j

104,070

108,606

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £. 7,500,600:

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- -- 66,350 12 11

Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- --- 68,082 9 6

*34*433 5

385,298

393>e35

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

- Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

- Reduced Annuities Consolidated

245,65! 7 —

246,511 9 7

492,16216 7

*55.693

*67.377

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN

- - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

- - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

1 7 9 7, for 14,500,000:

- 163,019 18 3

- 167,614 3 9

330,634 2 —

6,860,939

Carried over -

- £-

4*334>3°8 4

Brought over - - £.

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, £. s. d.

towards the Redemption of £. 18,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities.....180,000 ——

6,000,000 £.\ per Cent. Annuities - - - 6o*oooo — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 0/. 6d. per Cent, on /. 18,600,006.

for 651 Years ....

1,609,897. 17. I. £ $ per Cent. Annuities, fubsd from Navy and Victualling Bills -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 1,190,416 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 17,856

D° .....1,210,251 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 -

D° ----- - 1,325,997 Consolidated jf. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1800 -

D° ..... 1,344,506 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 179S:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. I per Cent, per Annum* towards the Redemption of £. 21,595,800^. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

12.835 —

16,098 *9

17.8s6 4

18,153 'S

19,889 '9

20,167 11

£. 3 per Cent Annuities £. 4,500,000 D° - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated

215,958 _ —

- 45,000 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6s. 6d. per Cent, on £. 18,000,000. for 64 \ Years ——

£. 4,414,074. 4. 6. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, fubsd from Navy and Victualling Bills - -

D®

D#

1,247,842 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 -1,242,568 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1800 1,400,525 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800

8,460 — —

44*14® *4 10

,6>373 12 2

18,717 12 7

18,638 10 4

21,007 17 6

£. s. d. Appendix,

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £. 7,500,060:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption bf £. 8,934,200 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

£. 1,859,625 D*'« - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - a

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5/. 6d. per Cent, on £. 7,500,000 for 63 J Years ——

For 6 Months Interest on £. 337,849 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 D° 395,245 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800

D® ----- - 390,086 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July*1800

D* ----- - 448,145 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800

89,342 — —

18,596 5 —

2,925 — —

5,067 H 8

5.928 *3 6

5.851 5 9

6,722 3 6

2.643,780 6 t

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 20,124,843. 15. £.5 per Cent. Annuities 1797 £ % 16,438,175. 5. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities funded from Navy and Victualling Bills 765,427. 11. 6. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - -- - D°

2,034,889. 11. 1. £ 5 per Cent. Annuities -

1,999,699. 4. 4. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities funded from Exchequer Bills

104,432. 5. 8. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D® -

270,202. 4. 8. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - -- - D®

For 6 Months Interest on £. 1,135402 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 D° ----- - 1,165,003 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 -

D® ----- - 1,328,799 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1800 -

D# ----- - 1,356,540 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for £. 14,500,060:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 18,125,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities -.....-.....181,250 — —

.7,250,000 D° - - - to be added to Redaced Annuities Consolidated - 72.500 — —

2,900,000 £. 4 per Cenr. Annuities ----- ----- 29,000 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6 s. per Cent, on £. 14.500,000. for 62! Years ——

- 201,248 8 8

- 164,381 *5 —

- 7»6S4 5 6

- 20,348 *7 10

- 19996 *9 10

- 1.044 6 4

- 2,702 — 4

O O O 00 — 7 -

- 17,475 — 10

1 - 19*93* *9 8

- 20,348 2 —

For 6 Months Interbft on £. 558,659 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 D° ----- - 710,856 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800

----- - 687,002 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent, Annuities, due 5th July i8co

----- - 841,090 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800

5,920 ——

8*379 *7 8 10,662 16 9 10,305 — 7 12,616 7 —

Carried over

VOL. 56.

(No. 1.)

9 tb February.

345,001 10 4

388,296 7 j

*34»433 S

492,162 16 7

330,634 2 —

4>334»3°® 4

68o

Appendix

Ai5oi.

£ 6,860,939

Brought over - - £

£ s. d. 4-334-3°8 4 *0

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1 797:

67,-442 - - - Imperial £ 3 per Cent. Annuities

4,*7«8 3 4'

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1 79 8, for£. 9,000,000, Part of £.17,000,000:

149,024 - - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

163,131 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

95,011 8 5

102,263 14 7

J97.*7S 3 —

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

45,689 - . Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities - - 29,129 14 10

47,673 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated - . - - - . 29,885 5 3

59-0, S ~ *

ON ACCOUNT OF LQ A N 17 99, Sor£. 4,500,000, Part of£. 15,500,000:

62,497- - - Consolidated £.3per Cent. Annuities -65,099 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

- 39'845 " —

- 40,809 2 8

80,654 13 8

ON ACCOUNT OF- LOAN 1 800, for 7,00c,000, PartoS£.20,500,1

000;

42,426 - - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

44,442 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -£7,548,362 ....

- 27,475 -

- *7.475 -

----- ----- ----- ----- --- 54-95° ~ —

- £ 4-767-991 4 >*

Appendix.

681

Geo. IIL

Brought over -

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of£. 1. per Cent, per An- £. d.

num^ towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300. Imperial £. 3. per Cent. Annuities - 36,693 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 152,766 Imperial £. 3. per Cent. Annuities, due ill November 1799 - 2,29! 9 9

D° ----- - 186,912 - - D® due 1 ft May 1800 - - 2,803 *3 7

£ d.

4»334»3o8 4 10

Appetidi*i

(No. 1.)

9th February.

4U788 3 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 179 8, for/. 9,000,000, Part of £.17,000,000:

From the Exchequer, being the £. i. per Cent. Appropriation, for One Year, towards the Redemption of £. 13,500,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent.

Annuities ---- ----- ---- 135,000 — —

£. 4,500,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 45,000 — — ‘

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4/. 1 id. per Cent, on £. 9,000,000

for 611 Years ----- -- - - 2,680 -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 81,647 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 1,224 *4 1

D° ----- - 321,062 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 - - 4,815 18 7

D® ----- - 156,448 Cofolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1800 - - 2,346 14 4

D® ----- - 400,520 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1800 - - 6,007 16 —

----- ----- - *97*275 3 —

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -- - 30,000

£.2,624,2500® - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ..... 26,242 10 — ,

For 6 Months Interest on£. 22,150 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 332 5 —

D® ----- - 47,190 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 - - 707 17 —

D® ----- - 45,083 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1800 - - 676 4 10

D® ----- - 70,411 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 1 oth October 1800 - - 1,056 3 3

59,015 t —

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799, for £. 4,500,000, Part of £. 15,500,000.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 5,625,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- -.....56,250___ —

£2,250,0000° - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 22,500 — —

For 6 Months Interest on£. 31,950 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1800 - . 479 j —

----- - 31,370 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities due 5th July 1800 - - 470 11 —

----- - 63,659 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 1 oth October 1800 . 954 17 8

80,654 13 i

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1 800, for £. 7,000,000, Part of £. 20,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for \ a Year, at the Rate of £. I per Cent, per Annum towards the Redemption of £. 7,700,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -- - 38,500 — —

£, 31290,000 D° - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- 16,450 — —

----- ----- ----- ---- 54,950 ——

4>767 99‘ 4 »*

Vol. 5 3.

8 L

68i

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (No. 1.)

9 tb February.

By CASH Received, and to be applied, in the Quarter between the ift February

and the ift May 1801 j viz.

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue ——

D' - - - - being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which have expired;

£. s. y.

250,000 —

For99 Years.....- *.....12,12815 7 I.

96 Years..... - - - 1,591 8^,) J i '

For 6 Months Interest on £. 18,291,184 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 -

D° ----- -- 2,232,000 New South Sea Annuities - - - D°

585,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities* 175.1 - - - D°

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

274,367 15 2

33,480 ——

8»775 -

£\ 580,342 18 9

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £.6,250,000 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - 15,625 —

For 6 Months Interest on - - 502,888 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January

1801 7*543 6 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

From the Exchequer, being; the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of£. 11,000,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - - 27,500 — —

2,750,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - 6,875 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11/. 5 d. per Cent, on

£. 11,000,000 for 66 £ Years - - 2,420 — —

On - 1,926,525. 12/. xod. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities ----- --- 4,816 6 3

For 6 Months Interest on£. 1,072,601 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities* due 5th January 1801 - 16,089 — 3

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 18,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- 45,006 — —

6,000,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - - ‘ 15,000 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 91. 6 d. per Cent, on

£. 18,coo,oooo for 65 £ Years.....- - - - - 3,208 15 —

On - 1,609,897. 17/. id. £.5 per Cent. Annuities - -- -- - 4,024 14 iof I

For 6 Months Interest on £. 1,460,529 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 21,907 18 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 perCent. per Annunt, towards the Redemption of ^.21,595,800 £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 53,989 10 —

£. 4,500,000 - - D° - - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- 11,250 — — On the a&nal Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6?. 6 d. per Cent, on.

£. i8,odb,oooo for 64£ Years - 2,115 — — -

On - 4,414,074. 4/. 6 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - -- -- - 11,035 3 8£

For 6 Months Interest on £. 11392,394 Consolidated £.5 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 20,885 18 2

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN, 1796, for £. 7,500,000.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 8,934,200 £.$ perCent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - 22,335 10 —

£. 1,859,625 - - D°.....to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- 4,649 I 3

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5/. 6d. per Cent, on £. 7,500,000

for 63 £ Years - 731 5 —

For 6 Months Interest on £.441,919 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 6,628 15 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 20,124,843. 15. — £-5 per Cent. Annuities, 1797 - 50,3x2 2

Funded from Navy and

Victualling Bills.

I. unded from Exchequer Bills

1

4i

5r

For 6 Months Interest on 5th January 1801 *

16,438,175. 5. — Consolidated/*. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -41,095 8

765,427. 11. 6. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - 1,913 11

2,034,889.11. I. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities 5,087 4

i*999>699- 4* 4* Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities - - 4,999 4 nf

104,432. 5. 8. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - 261 1 7

270,202. 4. 8. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 675 10 1

*>520,700. o. o. Consolidated £.$ per Cent. Annuities, due

- ----- ---- 22,810 10 —

23,168 6 4

57,700 6 6

89,141 8 6£

99,275 11 10i

34r344 11 11

127.154 13

Carried over - - - £. I 1,011,127 17 >.

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

683

Brought over - -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 179 7, for £. 14,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for \ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum* towards the Redemption of £. 18,125,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£.3 per Cent. Annuities - 45,312* 10 —

£.7,250,000 D° to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 18,125 — —

£. 2,900,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - 7,250 — — -

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6s. per Cent, on £. 14,500,000 for

621 Years - .....-.....1,480 ——

For 6 Months Interest on £.814,352 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 12*215 5 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for f of a Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of£. 13,500,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£.3 per Cent. Annuities - 33,750 — —

4,500,000 D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 11,250 — m —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4/. 11 d. per Cent, on £.9,000,000

for 6j i Years..... 720 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 230,671 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 3,460 1 3

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for of a Year, at the Rate of£. 1 perCent. per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities 7,500 — *

2,624,250 D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 6,560 12 6

For 6 Months Interest on £. 67,839 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 1,017 i1 8

For 6 Months Interest on £. 62,497 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801

937 9 *

C d.

1,011,127 17 3|

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799* for £.4,500,000, Part of£. 15,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for of a Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.5,625,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 14,062 10 —

£.2,250,000 D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 5*625 — —

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1800, for £. 7,000,300, Part of £. 20,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 7,700,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated w

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - 19*250 — —

3,290,000 D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 8,225 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 42426 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 636 7 9

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for f of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300 Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 9,173 5 "

For 6 Months Interest on £. 220,461 Imperial £, 3 per Cent. Annuities, due ift November 1800 - 3*306 18 3

84,382 15 7

49*lS° 3

15,078 4 l

20,624 19 t

Appendix*

(No. 1.)

9th February.

28,111 7 9

12,480 3 3

1,220,985 -8 4!

Bunk of England, 1 9th February 1801. j A\ Newlatldj

Chief Cashier.

Vol. 56.

Appendix

A. 1801

E ST I M A TE-of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the following Periods: Viz. Those in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from ajth December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days; and those in Ireland, from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both indufive, being 358 Days.

CORPS. numbers. Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including the additional Allowance to Subalterns, See. Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. AGENCY. Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers. TOTAL.

In GkEAT BRITAIN, JERSEY,

GUERNSEY, and ALDERNEY,

from 15th December x8oo to 24th

of December 1801, both indufive,

being 365 Days: £ ' 4. £ ' d. £ d. £ ' d. £ d. £ *

First Regiment of Life Guardi - 353 32,628 l7 11

Second Ditto - - - 350 32.3>4 11 3

Royal Regiment of Hotfe Guards 567 1,270 41.935 12 2 106,879 I

4

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards 1,018 - " 47,468 s — 4,942 11 I 600 2 11 879 12 — 53,890 11 —

Secdnd - ... Ditto ... 850 - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 45.334 5 2

Third Ditto - - - 850 - - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5«>3 *4 6 733 45.334 5 2

Fourth Ditto - - - 850 - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 45,334 5 2

Fifth ----- Ditto - - - 850 " 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 s®3 *4 6 733 45*334 5 2

Seventh - - - - Ditto - - - 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 45.334 5 2 ,

Major General Garths Regiment

of Dragoons ----- - 850 39,976 12 6 4,120 l8 2 S°3 *4 6 733 45*334 5 2

Sir Ralph Abercromby's - - - 850 - - 39.976 1* 6 4,120 l8 2 5°3 *4 6 733 45-334 5 2

Sir Charles Grey's ----- 851 - - 40,013 2 6 49*27 4 11 504 2 1 733 45.377 9 6

Sir Robert Sloper's ----- 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 S°3 *4 6 733 45*334 5 2

The Earl of Pembroke's - - - 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 45.334 5 2

Lieutentant General David Dun-

das's - -- -- - 850 - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 45-334 5 2

The Prince of Wales's - - - - 850 - - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 53 *4 6 733 45,334 5 2

The Marquis of Lothian's - - - 850 - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 *4 6 733 45-334 5 2

General Craig's ----- - 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 *4 6 733 45-334 5 2

Major General Egerton's - - - 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 45-334 5 2

Lord Dorchester's - - - 850 - - 39,976 12. 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 *4 6 733 45.334 5 2

General Harcourt's ----- 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 1 45-334 5 2

Lieutenant General De Lancey's - 850 - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 S°3 *4 6 733 45.334 5 2

The Marquis of Drogheda's - - 850 - - 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 53 *4 6 733 45-334 5 2

Major General Wilford's - - - 478 *7*647 24,050 9 — 2«37S 6 9 35° 2 — +26 8 — 27,202 5 9

942,486 *9 3

First Regiment of Foot Guards - 5.242 158,417 *9 6

Coldstream - - - Ditto - - . 3>275 - 99«4i8 *5 4

Third Ditto - - - 3»275 11,792 - - - 99-473 10 4 357.3*0

5 2

The Earl of Chatham's Regiment

of Foot, Three Battalions - - 3.381 - 8*»47S 3 6 9,361 — 819 18 2 1,695 94i35* 1 8

Lieutenant General Bertie's, Three

Battalions ----- -- 2.7+8 - " 70,293 6 — 7,678 2 9 748 8 4 1,695 80,414 *7 1

Lieutenant General Whyte's - - 916 - 23,507 2 10 2,559 7 7 250 2 11 565 26,881 *3 4

Lord George Henry Lennox's 718 - " 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 13

Sir Charles Stuart's 718 - 19,399 7 5 2,177 >8 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3

Lieutenant General Forbes's - - 7*8 - " *9.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 " 22,277 *3

The Earl of Ross's ----- 718 - >9.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3 _

Lieutenant General Rooke's - - 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3

General Smith's ----- - 7*8 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3

General Maitland's ----- 916 - ~ 23>5°7 2 10 2.559 7 7 25O 2 565 26,881 *3 4 -

Carried forward - - 12,269 3°*7C9 1,147,290 1 2 120,846 |6 2 >3,949 *5 4i 22,595 »° — j - - 1,406,676 5 9

Appendix.

CORPS.

GREAT BRITAIN, JERSEY GUERNSEY, and ALDERNEY,

( continued,)

Brought forward -

General Trapaud's Regiment cfj Foot, Two Battalions - -

General Tottenham's -

The Earl of Suffolk's - -

Major General Nugent's, Two Battalions ——

Major General Wemyfs's -

Colonel Manningham's Regiment of Rifle Men -

Royal Garrison Battalion

Royal Waggon Train Staff Corps -

Fifty-four Indepefidant Companies of Invalids - - -' - -

Garrisons ——

Total in Great Britain, Jersey, 7 Guernsey, and Alderney - - J

685

numbers

12,269 3°»7°9

2,24.6 916 718

1,832 690| »

924 - .

911 - -

20,506

628

445

5*797

302

- 58,387

Deduct the Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive -

Pay of Commissioned Officers,

Non-commissioned

Officer*, and Private Men, including the additional Allowance to Subalterns, Scc.

I; s. d. 1,147,290 I 2

54»°93 15 3

23,507 2 10

19*399 7 5

46,900 4 5 17,492 4 11

21,589 15 — 22,967 4 11

22,252 16 8 10,933 .13 1

122,189 16 8 28,734 l7 6

Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men.

*537*35° *9 *°

Remains

IN IRELAND.

from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both indulive, being 35S Days.

One Regiment of Dragoon Guards or Dragoons -

Six Regiments more of the same EAablishment -

One Regiment of Foot -

Two Battalions more of the same Establishment -

One Regiment of Foot -

Four Battalions more of the same Establishment . - -

One Regiment of Foot -

Two Regiments more of the fame

EAablishment

Additional Pay for Dublin Duty -

One Corps of Invalids - -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle -

Allowances to the Chaplains to the Garrison of Dublin, and to the Forces stationed at sundry other Places ——

£- s. d.

120,846 16 2

6,240 13 4

*>559 7 7

2,177 18 1

5,118 1,5 2

1,975 8 8

2,663 2 —

2»553 3 *

2,500 ——

1,123 9 9

15,000 — — 782 2 2

>63,540 16 —

AGENCY.

C d. !3 949 *5 4

539 18 11 250 2 226 12 6

499 5 8

210 12 3

249 13 5

245 4 8

3*9 3 5

109 — 4

1,322 4 8

Allowances to Captains and Riding Matter*.

total.

£ s. |

,2,595 *0 — I

d.

1.130 -62,004 7

565 — — 26,881 13

473 >5 — *>*77 >3 —

1.130 -53,648 5

473 15 — 20,152 — 10

473 'S — 24>976 5 5

473 >5 — 26,239 7 8

17-921 14 1

160 -

80 ——

5,320 — —

55 ——

32,930 10 — -

848

5,088

5.936

,»,23

2,246

912

>648

902

1,804

110.635 661

Total in Ireland

This Sum of £.624,643. 2 Irish, amounts, in Bricifli Money, to -

Total -

- - 75*619

£ > d.

1,406,676 5 9

598.374 »6 j

25,232 — 1 12,246 3 2

H3.83* +

29,571 19 8

,215,933 6 5

562,055 — —

IRISH. 42,336 12

254,019 16

30.514 >4 — I

61,029 8 — 25,929 —

103,716 — 8

24,906 4 5

49,812 8 10

9,808 4 5 16,160 — 8

5,787 16 7

621 15 —

*624,643 2 —

,653,878 6 5

576,59312 7

230,47119 —

Appendix, (No. 2.) $tb February.

continu'd\

War Office, 1

9th February 1801. 3

W. Wind.

686

Appendix.

A, 1801.

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

yh Febru.

continued*

ESTIMATEof the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANTATIONS, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; from 25th December i8co to 24th December tSoi, both inclufve, being 365 Days.

CORPS.

Lord Heathfield's Regiment of Light Dragoons -

Sir Robert Laurie's -

Sir James Stuart's - -

Lieutenant General Floyd's - -

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, Two Battalions -

Lieutenant General Coates's - -

General Hall's ——

Prince William's -

The Duke of Kent's - -

General Grant's ——

General Ainflic's -

Lieutenant General Hotham's - -

Sir James Pulteney's - -

Lieutenant General Simcoe's - -

General Grenville's -

Lord Clarina's, Two Battalions -

General Prescott's -

Major General Manners's -

Lord Southampton's - -

General Fletcher's, Two Battalions

Sir Hew Dalrymple's - -

Lieutenant General Nifbett Balfour's -....

NUMBERS

704

850

850

Sir George Olborn's, Two Battalions ——

General Stirling's -

Sir Hector Munro's -

General Rainsford's -

General Adean's ——

General DalrymplcV - -

General Tonyn's -

Lieutenant General Crosbie's - -

GeneralFre.!erick's, TwoBatta lions

General Campbell's....

General Scott's - .- - -

Lieutenant General Gordon'*- -

The Royal American Regiment, Six Battalions ——

Lieutenant General Lelar.d's - -

Lieutenant General Stevens's - -

The Earl of CLmricardc's -

General Brown's ——

Lieutenant General Trigge's, Two Battalions ——

Lieutenant General Cuyler's - -

Colonel Cameron's -

Lieutenant General Johnson's - -

Lieutenant General James Balfour's

Colonel Doyle's ——

Major General Ross's - -

Colonel Graham's - -

Colonel Campbell's -

The Marquis of Huntley's

Lieutenant Colonel Shank's Corp

Lieutenant Colonel Frafer's - -

Colonel Skinner's Regiment of Fencible Infantry -

Colonel Pollen's - - Ditto

Carried forward -

2,246

7i8

718

718

7.8

1.123 916 7<8 718

1,1+7

1.123

1.832 916

7i B 1,1+7 ',832

718

718

1.832 718

1,131

7.8 718

',123

718

718

1.832 /8 718 718

6,843

1.123 1,147

718

718

2;246 718 718 1 >*47 718 718

7.8 7>8

1,1+7

1.123

+33

229

688

688

3S°

2,404

32,964

Pay of Commissioned O Non -cor:i ;n i illoned OlKcers, ind Private Me^, including the addit: nal AJ'owance to Subaltern^, &c. Charge of the Cloaihing of Non commissioned OiHcers and Private Men.

£ d. £ X. d.

17,924 10 IO 1,728 4 5

35.199 13 9 3 383 12 8

39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2

39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2

S3>957 18 7 6,240 13 4

'9'39? 7 5 2.177 18 1

*9,399 7 5 2.177 18 1

*9.399 7 5 2>,77 18 1

19,581 17 5 2,177 J 8:

27,103 18 3 3-120 6 S

23>;c7 2 10 2 559 7 7

*9.399 7 5 2,177 18 1

*9-399 7 5 2 177 18 1

28,062 — 9 3 2+8 5 *7 /

27,103 x8 3 3*120 6 8

46.900 4 5 5.118 15 2

Z3, S°7 2 10 2 *559 7 7

*9,399 7 5 2,177 18 1

28,062 — 9 3,2+3 15 7

46,900 4 5 5,118 *5 2

*9.399' 7 5 2,177 18 1

19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1

46,900 4 5 5»i 18 15 2

19,399 7 S 2*177 18 1

28,031 12 5 3,120 6 8

*9-399 7 5 2.177 18 1

*9-399 7 5 2,177 18 1

27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8

19,399 7 5 2,177 18 I

19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1

46,900 4 5 5,118 15 2

19,399 ' 7 5 2.177 18 l

*9.399 7 5 2*177 18 1

19,399 7 S 2.177 18 1

169,689 5 4 19,086 14 4

27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8

28,062 — 9 3,248 15 7

19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1

*9-399 7 5 2.177 18 1

54.093 *5 3 6,240 13 4

19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1

19,279 4 6 2,177 18 1

28,062 — 9 3,2+8 15 7

‘9*399 7 5 2.177 18 1

*9.399 7 5 2,177 iS 1

*9.399 7 5 2,177 18 1

*9,279 4 6 2,177 18 1

28,062 — 9 3-+8 15 7

z-,103 18 3 3,120 6 8

10,120 15 4 1,128 7 9

5-92+ *5 9 6co —

17,12s 15 4 1,967 19 8

'7,014 14 1 1,967 19 S

>11,484,420 ( > 7 '65.593 7 4

ACENC Y. Allowances to Captains «nd Riding Masters.

£ ' a / '

298 3 7 367 17 —

450 19 1 634 9 —

503 14 6 733

SO M t ro O v-n 1 733

538 l6 #7 1,130

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 15 ~

226 13 6 473 15 —

228 2 11 473 15 —

270 9 7 565 — —

250 2 11 565

226 12 6 473 15 —

1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

7 3 2 603 5 —

209 7 56)

499 5 8 1,130

250 2 11 565

226 12 6 473 15 —

287 3 2 603 5 —

499 5 8 1,130 — —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 '5 ~

499 5 8 1,130

226 12 6 473 15 —

' 277 9 5 — —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 15 —

270 9 7 565

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 15 —

499 5 8 1,130 — —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 13 —

1,714 2 — 3-543

270 9 7 565 1

237 3 2 603 s —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 4-3 15 ~

559 *8 11 1,130 — —

226 12 6 473 15 ~

225 11 3 473 15 —

287 3 3 603 5 —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 15 —

226 12 6 473 15 -

225 11 3 473 15 —

287 3 2 603 j —

2-0 9 7 565

83 14 6 113

100 4 4 113

206 19 3 593 15 —

205 18 11 593 «S —

i6,^IT^e$ Q / 3^,584 ,6"_

r. s d.

- -

30,66s 14 6

45*334 5 2

45'334 5 2

61,877 8 6

22,277 13 —

22,277 13 —

22,277 13 —

22,461 13 5

3*059 H 6

26,881 13 4

22,277 13 —

22,277 13 —

32,201 4 6

3L059 14 6

53*648 5 3

26,881 13 4

22,277 *3 —

32,201 4 6

53^48 5 3

22,277 13 —

22,277 *3 —

53,638 5 3

22,277 *3 —

31,994 8 6

22,277 l3 —

22.277 13 —

31*059 14 6

22,277 !3

22,277 13 —

53,648 5 3

22,277 13 —

22,277 *3 —

22,277 U —

194,033 1 8

3L059 H 6

3 2*201 4 6

22,277 13 —

Z2>277 13 —

62,004 7 6

22,277 *3 —

22,156 8 10

32,201 4 6

22,277 *3 —

22,277 *3 —

22.277 *3 —

22,156 8 10

32,201 4 6

31 »°59 x4 6

1M45 *7 7

6,73s — 1

19,897 9 3

19.782 7 8

O <7.

20,318 15 10

130,337 4

PgTe

- £

*,549-3*7

1.699,973

— 6

Appendix.

68;

The E S T I M A T E of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PL A N TAT IO

N S, &c. — on:inueJ,

CORPS.

Brought forward - -

CARR1SONS, &c.

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, N^v? Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and Saint John's Island - -

Jamaica, Grenada, SaintVincent's, Dominica, and Tobago -

Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Portugal, Gibraltar, Minorca, and other Parts of the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope, including the Medical Staff Officers employed on or dcltir.ed for Foreign Service, but not yet attached to particular Stations -

Officers of the Hospitals serving with the said Forces - -

GIBRALTAR:

Sir Alured Clarke'* Regiment of Foot, Two Battalions - -

The Earl of Balcarres's - -

Colonel Edwardes's Regiment of Fencible Infantry -

Colonel Hay's ——

Colonel M'Neill's -

Sir William Johnflon's - -

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar

MINORCA:

Lieutenant General Ralph Dundas's Regiment of Foot -

General Garth's, Two Battalions

Lieutenant General Leigh's, Two Battalions ——

Lord Mulgrave's - -

General S* John's - -

Sir James Duffe's - -

Major General Pigot's -

Colonel John Stuart's - -

Colonel Fitzgerald's Regiment of Fencible Infantry -

NEW SOUTH WALES:

Colonel Grofe's Regiment -

For the Allowance to the Pay-' masters of the Regiments of Fencible Infantry, above mentioned

To be paid by the I (land of Jamaica, being the Charge of Lord Heath-field's Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the lit and 4th Battalions of the Royal American Regiment ——

Total ——

Deduct,

To Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December 1800, to 24th March 1801, both iadufive ——

Remain* to be provided

War Office, \ 1801. y

NUMBERS.

1,832

1,123

688

68S

688

6S8

718

1.832

2,246

1.123

1.123 718

1.123

1.123

688

Pay of Commissioned Offkers, Non-com m ifiioned Olhcer. and Private Men, includ ing the additional Allowance to Subalterns, Scc.

55,71^1,484,420 9 7

5-70;

46,900 4 5 27,103 18 3

17.014 14 1

17.014 14 1

17.014 14 1

17,914 14 1

10,694

710

72,829

9»599 7. 46,900 4

54.093 >5

27.103 18 3

27.103 18

>9.399 7 27,103 18 3

26,989 17 —

17,128 15 4

17,420 15 4

Charge of the Closthing of Non. commissioned Officers and Private Men.

AGENCY.

C-

,65.593 7 ' 4

5,1>8 15 2

3,120 6 8

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

2.177 18 5»>>8 >5

6,240 13

3.120 6

3.120 6

2.177 18

3.120 6

3.120 6

1.967 19 8

1,978 1 3

>9°9>*37 5 6 213.847 0 >

£. s. d. 16,374 8 3

499 5 9 270 9 7

205 18 11 205 18 11 205 18 11 205 18 11

226 12 6

499 5 8

539 >8 >>

270 9 7

270

226

270

269

206 19 3

198 >9 5

Allowances

to Captains and Riding Mailers.

£ L d.

33,534 16 —

TOTAL.

>,130 — 565 —

593 >5 593 >5 593 >5 593 >5

53.648 S 3 31,059 14 6

19782 7 8

19.782 7 8

49.782 7 8

19782 7 8

2o.947 5 6

473 15 —

>,>3° ——

1,130 ——

565 ——

565 ——

473 >5 ~

56 5 -

565 — —

593 *5 "

426 7 6

44,143 8 6

22.277 >3 — S3>M 5 3

62,004 7 6

31,059 14 6 3>,oj9 >4 6

23.277 13 — 3>,059 14 6 30,944 13 —

19,897 9 3


£ d.

‘.699973 > 2

6,300 18 4

2,725 13 ,

89,180 9 — 19,162 10 —

163,837 10 5

3.737 5 —

9th February

IV. Windham.

Appendix, (No. 2.) gth February.

continued.

304,229 4

20,024 3

1,000 — —

2,310,170 13 2

84,307 1a 10

,225,863 — 4

501,486 — —

17 *4*377 — 4

688

Appendix

A. 1801

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Gr eat Britai n and Ireland; for the Year 1801.

In GREAT BRITAIN, GUERNSEY, and JERSEY:

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both indufive, being 365 Days - -

In IRELAND:

General and General Staff Officers, from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both lrish.

inclusive, being 358 Days ----- -- - - - 4*572 10 6

Medical Board, and Medical Staff, for the same Period - 10,641 3 7

jC-52'2,3*4 > —

# Which Sum of £.52,213. 14. 1 111. lrish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total

War Office,

9th February 1801.

IV. IVindh

£ 86,522 6 8

48*197 5 4

134,719 12 —

PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Year 1801.

In GREAT BRITAIN, GUERNSEY, and JERSEY, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days:

Captain General and Commander in Chief

Six Aides de Camp -

Secretary ——

Chaplain ——

Surgeon -

each £. 17217 6

Nine Lieutenant Generals ----- -- each £.1,383 — —

Eighteen Aides de Camp - -- - 172 17 6

Twenty-four Major Generals Twenty-four Aides de Camp

- each £691 10 — - - 172 17 6

each

Brigadier General -....

Two Adjutant Generals ——

Deputy Adjutant General....

Quarter Matter General

Two Deputy Charter Matter Generals eac'n

Barrack-matter General ——

Ten Aides de Camp to the King..... _ each

Two Inspectors of Cloathing - -- - each

Six Attistant Adjutant Generals each

Five Affittant Quarter Matter Generals each

Twenty-eight Majors of Brigade..... each

Chaplain General ....

Physician General ....

Surgeon General ....

Inspettor of Regimental Hospitals ....

Apothecary General....

Inspettor of Health ....

Principal Veterinary Surgeon ....

Military Commandant of Hospitals.

One Infpcflor of Hospitals ....

One Affittant Inspettor of Hospitals -

Six Ditto....

One Physician -

Seven Ditto - -

Seventeen Surgeons - _

Eight Apothecaries ....

One Purveyor -

Seven Deputy Purveyors -

One Lieutenant General in North Britain -Two Aides de Camp - .

each

- each

- each

- each

- each

each £.172. 17 6.

Carried forward -

C s-

3,457 10 —

*037 5 —

172 17 6

!|5 5 —

172 17 6

12,447 — 3,111 15

16,596 — 4,149 —

345 *5 —

345 *5 —

j89 9 — |

345 '5 — 2S9 6 3

2S9 6 3

*72 '7 6

345 15 —

345 *5 —

>72 17 6

172 17 6

1-2 17 6

1,383 ——

345 >5 —

£ ' d-

4-9S5 15 -

»5-5S8 »5 —

20,745 ——

518

69I

345

345

691

691

1,894

691

*»555

1,296

4,840

345 172 172 172 172 691 172 345 518 691. 2>°74 691 2,420 2,938

>.383

432

1,210

2 6 o — 5 — 5 — o — o —

0 5

0 —

7 6

1 3

o —

5 —

7 6 7 6 7 6 7 6 o — 7 6

5 —

2 6 o — o — o — 5 —

17 *

3 9

2 6

1,728 15 —

65*7*4 4 *

One Major General One Aide de Camp -

Appendix.

689

Brought forward

Deputy Adjutant General - -....

Deputy Quarter Mailer General ....

Two Majors of Brigade - - _

Deputy Judge Advocate, and Clerk of the Courts Martial Commissary of Stores and Provisioris -

Deputy Commissary - _

®aggage Matter, and Inspector of the Roads -

Afliltant Inspectcr of Hospitals - -

Physician ..... ....

Surgeon - ..

Apothecary - - - r ....

Commander of the Forces in Guernsey, as Lieutenant General Two Aides de Camp ....

each

each £.172. 17. 6.

One Brigadier General ——

One Major of Brigade - -

One Surgeon ——

Commander of the Forces in Jersey, as Lieutenant General Two Aides de Camp -

each £.172. 17. 6.

One Major General One Aide de Camp

One Major of Brigade One Surgeon -

Fourteen Hospital Mates Forty-six Ditto -

each £. 136. 17. 6. - - 91. 5. o.

Total in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey

£. s. d.

691 10 — 172 17 6

172 17 6

1,383 ——

345 15 —

i,335 ——

345 15 —

691 10 — 172 17 6

1,916 5 -

4,197 10

— . Appendix,

£ s. d. (No. 2.)

65>7H 4 9th February.

In IRELAND, from itt January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive,

being 358 Days.

GENERAL and STAFF OFFICERS:

One Secretary to the Commander in Chief

For Clerks to Ditto

Pottage for Ditto ..

Six Lieutenant Generals, at £.4. per Diem each Two Aides de Camp to each, at 10/. per Day each

Nine Major Generals at/\ t. per Diem each -Nine Aides de Camp, at 10/. per Diem each

Fourteen Brigadier Generals, at £. 1. 10/. per Diem each One Ac;u ant General, at £. 3. per Diem -Allowance to Ditto, for Extra Business ... Allowance to Ditto, for additional Extra Business Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks ..... Deputy Adjutant General, at £. 1. per Diem Allowances in Lieu of Contingent Expences Five Affilant Adjutant Generals, at 15 /. per Diem each One Ailiitant Deputy Adjutant General, at 5 /. per Diem

One Quarter Matter General, at £. 3. per Diem -

Allowance to Ditto, for Examination of the Forage Accounts of the Cavalry Allowance to Dir o, for Examination of the Baggage Accounts of the Army Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks -

Allowance to Ditto, for Pottage of Letters ——

Expence of Coals and Candles for Office -

Deputy Quarter Matter General, at 1. per Diem -Allowance to Ditto, in Lieu of Contingent Expences -Eight Atthiant Quarter Matters General, at 15 /. per Diem each -

One Major of Brigade in Dublin, at 10/. per Diem -Allowance for Stationary - -

£. s. d.

358 ——

721 6 10 LLl

78 9 3

IRISH.

8,592

2.148 —

6,444 — —

1,611

207 1 I 9 HL

207 1 I 92*Z

360 3 il±2

358 — —

15s 13 8 111

1,342 10 I A 1

9+ *4 2 —

1,074 —

207 11 9 967

207 11 9 °JLL

269 12 4l

78 9 „ «00

3i 2 8 122

358 — —

*55 *3 8 HI

2, I48 — —

179 -

4' 7 10f

1,157 16 2l

10,740 — —

8,055 ——

7,518 ——

Twenty-seven Majors of Brigade, at 10/. per Diem each Two Inspectors of Cloathing, at £ % 1. per Diem each -

Carried forward - - - £.

6

6

6

6

6

864 7

172 17 172 17

345 lS 172 17 172 17

345 *5 — 86 8 9

691 10 —

345 J5 — 172 17 6

172 17 6

1.728 15 —

51812 6 172 17 6

172 17 6

1.728 15 —

864 7 6

172 17 6

172 17 6

80,408 11 8

6,113 >5 —

86,522 6 8

3,800 4 8113

4>53* *

9 —

220 7 10 111

4,833 ——

716 — —

41,57a 1,0 6

16,52a 6 8

V01-56. *N

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Brought forward - - - .

MEDICAL BOARD and MEDICAL STAFF:

IRISH.

4.1,571 10 6111

jr. /. d.

86,522 6 S

Two Joint Physicians General....

Surgeon General ——

Director General of Hofpltals ——

One Staff Physician ——

Fourteen Staff Surgeons ——

Twenty five Hospital Mates ——

Two Staff Apothecaries Commissioned, and Two Ditto Non-commissioned Secretary ——

Printing and Stationary ——

Portage, and Incidental Expences ——

Rent of Board Room ——

Poundage, Pells, and Hospital Fees ——

- each 10/. per Diem

at 20/. per Diem

- at 50/. per Diem

- at 20 x. per Diem each at 15/. per Diem

each at 7 x. 6d. per Diem each at iox. per Diem at £.60. per Annum

SS8 — 358 —

895 —

358 ——

3.759 ——

3.356 5 "

7I6 ---- —

58 17 — 98 1 8

98 1 8

89 5 1

496 13 *

Which Sum of /. 52,213. *4- 1 — 7* Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

52,213 14 li

48,197 5 4

Total

134,719 11 —

N* B. — The above are the Allowances to the Physicians and Surgeon General as Members of the Medical Board, exclufire of their Pay, under the Patents appointing them to those Offices, which is included in the Muller Mailer General's Estimate,

War Office, ? 9th February 1801. J

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Oot-Pensioners of CHELSEA HOSPITAL, and of the Royal Hospital near

KIL M AIN H A M; for the Year 1801.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL:

16,673 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from z;th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days, deducing for Pensions unclaimed, £. 2,070. 5o d.

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each -

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

17*104

1. d.

I24>7!4 — 5

7,300 . -

424 6 3

132,438 6 8

Additional Pensions to Blind and Disabled Men

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners *

To the Agents' Cerks ....

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum -

950 ——

£. s. d. 1,246 6 — 417 ——

1,000 — —

133,388 6 8

2,663 6 —

From which deduct, out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions ----- - 1,200 — —

Dedudl, already provided on the Ertimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1801 ——

Total for the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital - -

1,463 6 — 134,851 12 8

16,037 6 8 118,814 6 —

ROYAL HOSPITAL near KILMAINHAM:

For Out-Pensioners, from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, Irish.

being 358 Days.....£.25,916. 12. 8J.

„ Which Sum of £. 25,916. 12. 8 J. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - -

Total

23,923

H2>737 7 —

War Office,

9th February 1801.

W. Windham.

i^-

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

691

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dr a goon s, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in EAST INDIA; from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclufiye; being 365 Days.

Append! x*

(No. 2.)

Lord Viscount Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons:

Pay ....

Cloathing ——

Agency.....- -

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Riding Master

Lieutenant General Gwyn's. Lieutenant General Blathwayte's Major General Vyfe's

- the fame

- the same the fame

lieutenant General Fox's Regiment of Foot:

Pay ——

Cloathing ——

Agency.....-

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Serjeants

General Pifton's -Lieutenant General Hulfe's Marquis Cornwallis's Major General Morftiead's Major General Hewett's -Major General Harris's General O'Hara's -Sir Robert Abercromby'a -Lieutenant General Musgrave's -Lieutenant General Marsh's Colonel Mackenzie's Lieutenant General Lake's Major General Bernard's -lieutenant General Griniield's -General Reid's -

Major General Francis Dundas's

War Office,

9th February 1801.

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the fame

Total

W. Windham.

NUMBERS.

711

1 I

7II

71!

i*375

i>375

i*37S

i*375

1*37$

i*375

1*375

i*375

i*375

i*375

i»375

i*375

i*375

1*375

i*375

i*375

*,844.

*3*375

26,219

Qth February.

C HAR G E for 365 Days. J y

----- -,

/ d %

£ *-28,093 7 11

3437 2 7

454 I 5

782 4 -

32,766 1 '5 1 ii

32,766 1 '5 11

32,766 »S 11

32,766 5 11

19,640 |8 11

3*944 IO 4

312 7 7

74i 10 —

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 10

*4-639 6 10

24>639 6 10

24-639 6 to

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24>639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 ro

24,639 6 10

*4>39 6 10

24,639 6 10

24»639 6 10

24,639 6 10

- " - £

13L067 i *

418,868 16 %

549*935 19 10

Mtmorandum: — The Expence of His Majesty's Forces serving in the East Indies is declared by Law to be payable out of the Revenues of the East India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vote, on account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Companies of the said Regiments employed in Great Britain. — This Charge, amounting to £. 38,003. 9/. 2d, is stated in a separate Estimate.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in EAST INDIA, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both indufive, being 365 Days.

Lord Viscount Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, 6ne Troop: Pay ——

Cloathing ——

Agency - -

Allowances to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding Master

Lieutenant General Gwyn's Lieutenant General Blalhwayte's Major General Vyfe*®

- the fame

- the fame

- the fame

Lieutenant General Fox's Regiment of Foot, One Company:

Pay -....

Cloathing ——

Agency All

lowance to the Captain

General Pi&on's -Lieutenant General Hulfe's Marquis Cornwallis's Major General Morfhead's Major General Hewett'q Major General Harris's General O'Hara's Sir Robert Abercromby's -Lieutenant General Muferave's Lieutenant General Marin's Colonel Mackenzie's Lieutenant General Lake's Major General Bernard's Lieutenant General Grinfield's General Reid's

Major General Francis Dundas's

Vat

War Office, - T 9th February 1801.]

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the fame

Total -

W. Windham.

NUMBERS.

23

23

23

23

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

92

748

840

CHARGE for 365 Days.

C ' d.

1,829 11 3

*44 4 35 *4 «o

55 —

2.065 6 3

2.065 6 3

2.065 6 3

2.065 6 3

L443

5 5 247 13. 10 20 6 7

s -

3*

1.749 10 10

*749 L749 !*749 >*749 1*749

1.749 !*749

1.749

i*749

1.749

i*749 i*749 1*749 1*749 i*749 «.749

10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10' to 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

£. s. d.

8,261 5 —

-29*74* 4 *

18,003 9 2

692

Appendix.

1801.

Appendix, ~ ' " ' '" ' = 1 ——

(No. 2.)

9 t*1 February. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's LAND FORCES, and of the Charge of

— . — - — - . Extra Forage for the C AVA L R Y, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as well in Barracks as in Quarter's

for the Year 1801. garters,

In GREAT BRITAIN:

Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, from 25th December 1800 to the 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days; upon Account -

Extra F orage for the Cavalry in Barracks, for the same Period; upon Account ....

Ditto for the Cavalry in Quarters for the same Period; upon Account.

Total in Great Britain

Deduct the Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 23th December 1800 to 24th March 1801 ....

Remains - -..... £m

In IRELAND:

Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, from 1 ft January 1801 to 24th De- inst.

cember following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.....-;C*9M3i 5 4

Extra Forage to the Cavalry for the same Period - - - -.....254.963 2 6

346,394 7 10

Which Sum cf £. 346*394* 7* 10. Info# amounts, in British Money, to -

Total

War Office, 1 9th February 1801. J

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the EM B O D IE D MIL IT IA and Corps offENCIBLE INFANTRY; ,

1 in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Year 1801.

SOUTH BRITAIN.

Bedford ... Berks -

Royal Buckinghamshire

Cambridge

Chester -

Royal Cornwall

Cumberland

Derby

Devon

Dorset.

Durham -

Essex

Gloucester

Hereford -

Hertford -

Huntingdon

Kent.

Lancaster

Leicester -

Lincoln -

London -

Middlesex

Monmouth and Brecon

Norfolk.

Northampton

Northumberland

Nottingham

Oxford - -

Rutland

Salop -Stafford

Somerset -Southampton -

Suffolk -

Surrey - -

Sutlcx ... Tower Hamlets

Carried forward

Regiments,

Battalions, NUMBERS. Charge for 365 Days.

or Corps.

£ /.

I 291 - - 7,883 — 8

I 5 - - 13,489 7 3

I 6; 7 - 17>2 22 11 —

I 431 ‘ 10,965 4 2

I 7°7 *9,5 *7 «4 2

- I 580 - 14,807 18 6

1 5 54- " 14.319 *4 9

I 831 - . 20,348 1 8

3 i»35° - 33-9/6 18 9

1 372 - 9,852 7 IX

1 439 11, HI 4 2

2 1,119 - 28,840 4 6

2 1.054 - - 27,626 12 —

1 473 - - 12,693 4 2

1 . 43° , - 10,946 I9 2

1 144 - - 3.732 1 4

2 1.159 29.365 2 1

- 3 2,181 - 55*14+ 18 9

1 577 - m i+*753 3 6

2 1,224 - - 30,938 12 — -

2 1.434 - - 36,398 5 10

3 2,678 - . 64,817 8 9

1 433 - - 11,001 *4 2

2 1.093 - . 28,36; *4 6

1 644 - - 16,066 !9 9

m 1 582 - 14,844 8 6

- 1 512 " - 3*5 25 3

1 545 - - 14,155 9 9

1 76 - 2,070 11 7

1 878 - 21,466 lS 9

1 991 - - *3-467 12 11

2 i,387 - 34-754 6 5

m 3 773 - - 20,524 10 2

2 94° - - 24,167 to 6

% 1,196 - - 30,400 4 6

1 2 7i9 1.326 - - 18,235 12 11 iMi4 ttTS

(j u y

» . 31.290 - - 794.553 — 9

T°TAl.

ie

The ESTIMATE of His Majesty's Land Forces, be, — continued.

SOUTH BRITAIN — continued.

Brought forward

Warwick -Westmoreland -wilts Worcester

York, West Riding . — North Riding - — Ealt Riding

Anglesea -

Cardigan -

Carmarthen

Carnarvon

Denbigh

Flint

Glamorgan

Merioneth

Montgomery

Pembroke

Radnor

On Account of the Pay of the Supernumerary Officers, Won-commissioned Officers and Drummers, retained in the Militia of South Britain -Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon

NORTH

I ft, or Argyllshire 2d, or Rolsshire 3d, or Lanark 4th, or Dumfriesshire 5th, or Fifcshire 6th, or Aberdeenshire 7th, or Ayrshire 8th, or Forfar -jth, or Perthshire loth, or Edinburgh -

BRITAIN;

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps.

FENCIBLE INFANTRY:

Lord Grey de Wilton's Regiment

Colonel Hancock's -

Lord Macdonald's

Sir Edward Leslie's -

The Duke of Athol's Corps

Captain Gudgeon's -

For the Allowance to Paymasters -

Total for Militia and Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being

'DeduaDtheS Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801

Remains -

In IRELAND?

From ijft January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days:

Antrim Regiment of Militia Armagh -Carlow -Cavan -Clare -

Cork, North - -

Cork, South - -

Cork City -Donegal -

Downshire, North -Downshire, South -Dublin County Dublin City -Fermanagh

Galway -Kerry -Kildare -Kilkenny -King's County - -

Leitrim -Limerick County Limerick City -

Carried forward -

NUMBERS. — w Charge for 565 Days.

£ s.

3L290 - r 794*553 — 9

6ll - 5 »451 —

218 - - S>67* 5 *

813 " 20,005 17 11

555 *4*337 «9 9

*173 - 54,998 18 9

808 " 19.914 12 11

S'* *3.5*5 *7 3

180 - 4,903 — 1

219 - 5,689 10 1

368 - 9*779 7 11

119 3*43 *7 7

308 7,772 18 8

i85 5,007 18 10

366 - 9,688 2 11

1 *4 - - 3*15* *2 7

252 6,703 2 5

185 - 4*974 3 7

128 3.426 7 7

39,404

- -; 633 -

626 15,697 8 6

437 - 12,130 3 6

584 - 14,880 18 6

733 - 17»832 13 6

640 - 15,952 18 6

658 - 16,281 .8 6

573 - 14,^80 3 6

522 - 13,749 8 6

556 - 14,369 18 6

697 17,102 13 6

1,110 U|U4U 30,140 15 2

688 - 19,897 9 3

688 - 19,782 7 8

688 - 19,782 7 8

675 - 18,173 *9 4

no -9 /ten 2,815 18 9

3*959

50,022

m m m £-

I R I $ H.

Charge for 358 D«y«.

897 24,047 *5 8

897 24,047 15 8

675 18,303 19 10

675 vl 8,303 19 10

675 18,303 19 to

897 24,047 15 8

897 24,047 *S 8

897 24,047 15 8

1,119 29*773 >o 5

675 18,303 19 to

675 18,303 19 10

675 18,303 19 10

897 24,047 15 8

675 18,303 19 10

1,119 29,773 *° 5

897 24,047 15 8

675 18,303 19 10

897 24,047 15 8

897 24,047 15 8

67s 18,303 19 10

897 . 24,047 15 8

675 18,303 19 10

,7»9S8 50,022 483,064 15 10

VOL. 56.

8 O

Appendir, (No, a.)

9 th February.

TOTAL.

£ /. /. 1,002,799 15 8

50,000 — — 16,711 ~ 3

152,677 15 —

110,592 17 10 15,000 ——

1,347,781 8 9 374-350 ——

973.431 8 9

973*43* 8 9

v*oogie

Appendix

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

9 tk Ftbrvary.

694

A. 1S01,

The ESTIMATE of His Majistt's Land Forces, &c ---1 ——

la IRELAND

Brought forward - -

Londonderry Regiihctt of Milltta Longford Louth

Mayo, North Mayo, South Meath Monaghan Queen's Count Rufcommon Sligo Tipperary Tyrone Waterford Westmeath Wexford Wicklow

FENCIBLE INFANTRY:

One Regiment of Fencible Infantry -Three Reg:ments more at the same Establishment One Regiment of Fencible Infantry -Seven Regiments more at the same Establishment One Regiment of Fencible Infantry One Regiment more at the same Establishment One Regiment of Fencible Infantry -Sixteen Regiments more at the same Establishment

Which Sum of £.1,496,102. 6. 9. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

NUMBERS.

>7*958 50,022

I, U9

675

1,008

786

786

897

897

675

f97 675

1*119

1,1 *9,

897

675

1,119

67 5

31 #977

1,121 .

3*3^3 -

848 -

5»936 -

688 -

688

588 *

9,408 -

54.617

Total -

104,639

War Office, 1 9th February 180f. j

Charge for 358 Days.

Irish.

483,064 *5 10

29-773 10 5

18,303 *9 10

26,910 13 —

ai,i 66 *7 t

at,166 *7 2

24.047 *5 8

24.047 *5 8

18,303 *9 10

24,047 *5 8

18,303 *9 10

29.773 10 5

29.773 10 5

24,047 15 8

18,303 *9 10

*9*773 10 5

18,303 *9 10

859,114 6 8

30.229 7 3

90,688 1 9

22.949 10 8

160.646 *4 8

<9.478 7 6

19.478 7 6

17,265 *4 9

276,251 16 t

1,496,102 6 9 *

TOTAL.

O d.

973*43* 9

1,381.017 10 11

2>354*448 *9 8

W. Windham.

ESTI M AT£ of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fenciblb Infaktrt in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Year 1801.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, from 25th December

1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days; upon Account

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Ireland, Irish.

from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days - 37,3*2 1 -

Which Sum of £.37,3*2. 1. 7. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total - - - JT %

»C* * /.

50,000 — —

34*45* 3 —

84.451 3 —

War Office, . I 9th February 1801. J

W. Windham.

1 - 1 8 Appendix,

ESTIMATE of the Chargeof Cloathinc for the Embodied Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain (No 2

and Ireland, called Great Britain; for the Year 1801. *

9th February.

Number*. SOUTH BRITAIN: CHAR G E.

1,741 Serjeants t»i88 Drummers 34,710 Rank and File 1 - - at £.5. 14. 7. - 3- o- 5- 2. 10. 5. - r £ s. d. 9*974 9 7' 3,588 ,5 — 87,498 2 6 \

On Account of the Cloathing of Supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers - 101,061 7 1 4,500 105,561 7

' NORTH BRITAIN;

276 Serjeants 180 Drummers 5.300 Rank and File - £$ >4- 7- - - - 3- 0. S. - - - - 2. IO. 5* 4 - 547 10 — 13.360 8 4 15,489 3

4

CORPS OF MINERS OF CORNWALL AND DEVON:

29 Serjeants 22 Drummers 549 Rank and File - at £.5. 14. 3- 0. 5. - - - 2. 10. 5. - 166 2 11 66 9 a 1,383 18 9 1,61610 IO

War Office. Total ..... - 122,667 1 3

9th February igoi.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Ofpicers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December

1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

f X Major *

2 Lieutenants and Captains -

1 Lieutenant and Captain -

Horse z Guidons and Captains

Grenadier 6 Sub-Lieutenants

Guards. \ 1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains -

I Surgeon -

1 Riding Mailer

life Guards. 12 Trumpeters

- - - - each £. 355. 17. 6.

each 337- *

- - each 228. 2. 6.

- - - each, 121. 13. 4.

each

Agency

>45. 12. 6,

Foot.

4! Regiment of Foot, or < Invalids.

l Major and Captain

3 Captains 1 Captain Lieutenant 5 Lieutenants -5 Ensigns 1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Mailer I Surgeon's Mate

each

each

each

Allowances to 3 Captains

Agency

each

~ 5 Captain*

I Captain 8 Lieutenants 3 Ditto 1 Ditto -

each

each

Companies

T °(.j 5 Ensigns ----- - each

Invalids. 1 \ n *

3 Ditto Allowance to 5 Captains -

each

Agency -- each

Charge for 365 Day*.

£. 1.

4 56 s — 711 15 —

*55 6

675 5 —

1,368 15 —

*73 7 f 243 6 8 >46--

45 6

3.975 9 547 *° —

4,522 19

80 -

171. 7- 1. 5*4 I 3

79 *9 4

79- IO. 4- 399 l6 8

62. 10. 7l 3*4 3 "i

68 10 10

79 *9 4.

- - 59 l9 sl

1,516 9 11

- - m 37 18 3

0. <x 240 — ZL

171. 7- 1. VO 00 *S 5

171 17 1

79- 19. 4- 639 14 8

85. 3- 4- 2S5 10 —

103 8 4,

62. 16. 7i 3H 3 — i

66. 18. 4- 200 !S —

as 3 11 6i -i

C- 80. 0. 0. 400 —

Unattached Officers continued on Full Pay, including the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments, upon Account , Total - - - - ,

War Office, I 9th February 1801. J

VOL. 56.

W. Windham.

£* 0*

4,602 19 2

259 6 3

1,794 8 2

J.005 14 7 16,000 — —

25,662 8 %

.Appendix

A. 1801.

Appendix, (Xo. 2.)

9 tb February.

ESTIMATE of die Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Gre at Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Paymaster General; for the Year 1801.

In GREAT BRITAIN:

From 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. ——

Fees at the Exchequer ——

Commiiiary General of the Mullers, his Deputy, and Clerks, and for Reduced Deputy Commissaries Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. ——

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army - -

£ * 16,9 4

84,040 8 4

4.332 II — 4,209 5 9

7,252----

Total in Great Britain

116,088 14 S

In IRELAND:

From 1 ft January 1S01 to 24th December following, both inclufnre; being 358 Days.

Irish.

Muster Master General, and his Deputies - -- 1,609 2 8}

Judge Advocate General, his Deputies, &c. ----- ----- - 1,206 8 l£

Physician Gene-al - 358 — —

Surgeon General - - 358 — —

Provo(I Marshal, and Contingencies - - - - .548172}

Agent for Transmission of Deserters - -- 98 I 7}

Town Major of Dublin, and his Deputy - -- 460 11

Secretary and Accomptant to the Board of General Officers ----- --- 486 2 — }

Comptroller of the Accompts of the Army, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. - - - - N - 1,667 7 7\

For certain Mifcciiancous Services - - - 158331

6,950 13 9I

Which Sum of £.6,950. 13. 9}. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to the Sum of - - - 6,416 — 6

Total 122,504 14 11

War Office, 9th February 1801.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Iriland, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; for the Year 1801.

In GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, upon Account -For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, for Small Beer . - -....

Total

Deduct: The Sura already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801....

Remains

In IRELAND:

From 25th February 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 303 Days.

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Irhh.

Land Forces, for Small Beer, upon Account - ----- -- 90,000 — —

For an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men while on a March ..... 35,000 — —

£. 125,000 ——

Which Sum of £. 125,000. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total

W-r Office, ?

Ft'.ra.ry 1801. 3

W. Windham.

235,000

/. J.

130,000 -

365,000 — —

110,000 — —

255,000 — —

115.384 12 4

37°.384 4

ESTIMATE of the Charge of HALF PAY and ALLOWANCES to the Reduce a Officers of His Majesty's

Land Forces and Marines; for the Year 1801.

In GREAT BRITAIN:

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1800 to the 24th December 1801, both inclusive; being 365 Days ——

For the Allowance to Qne Private Gentleman of a Troop of Horse Guards ----- 10 — ' —

Ditto - - to One Ditto, at yd. per Diem.101211

£. s. 4. f38>979 7 1

20 12 11

Total in Great Britain In IRELAND:

For Regimental and Warrant Orficers of His Majesty's Land Forces upon Half Pay, from I ft January Irish.

1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 3^8 Days - - - 12,380 9 l\

For the Allowance to retired Chaplains for the same Period ----- -- - 3,712 II 10

16,093 — u£

Which Sum of £. 16,093. o. 11 £ Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

9th February.

139,000 — —

14.855 2 5

15 3>^5 5 5

War Office; 9*h February

1801. }

JV. Windham*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of HALF PAY to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States Gene ral; for the Year 1801.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December i8ci,

both inclusive - -- - 1,000 — —

War Office,

9th February 1801.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of HALF PAY and ALLOWANCES to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

American Forces; for the Year 1801.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1800 to the 24th December 1S01, both inclusive ——

Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum ——

52,500

7.S000

4.

Total

60,000 — —

War Office,

9th February 1801.

W. Windham.

E ST I M AT E of the Charge of the I N - P K N S I O N E R S of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital neir Kilmainham; and of the Expences of the said Hospitals; for the Year 1801.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL:

Pay for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclufi/e; being 365 Days ——

Cloathing for Ditto ——

Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers ——

Board Wages and Table for Ditto ——

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

Tradesmen ——

Provi lions - - -

Contingencies and Extiaordinaries ——

Dcduft out of Poundage on Cut-Pensions, for the Year 1801 - -

Total for Chelsea Hospital ----£.

£- ' 1,271 6 4

on 7 5

3,896 9 —

669 — — 2,019 11 9

1,900 — —

3,300 ——

14,000 — — 4,400 — —

32,367 14 6 2,800 — —

29,567 14 6

ROYAL IJOSPITAL near KILMAINHAM:

For the Internal Expences of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from ift January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 358 Days..... £.13,000. Irish.

Which Sum of £.13,000. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to ——

Total ----£.

War Office,

9th February 1801.

1

w.

Windham.

12,000 — — 4',567 14 6

VuL. 56.

8 P

698

Appendix.

jl. 1801.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of PENSIONS to be pail to the Widows of Officers of the Lanb Forces,

for the Year iSoi.

In GREAT BRITAIN:

From 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive; being 365 Da

Rank of their late Husbands.

of Colonels -

- Lieutenant Colonels - Majors -

C'na»ge.

Numbers.

48 Widows 36 -

25 -

190 -

I'S.

*99 -

6 -

26 -

28 .

1

Ta

- Captains and Paymaders -

- Lieutenants -

- 2d Lieutenants, &c.

- Governor, a General Officer -

- Physicians and Purveyors - -

- Surgeons and Apothecaries -

- Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates

- A Aidant Commiflhry of Stores -

- Ditto ——

R.ir-.'s or' Pension.

50 -

40 -

50 -

20 -

20 -

So -30 -

26 -

16 -

26 -

20 -

The Amount of \id. in the Pound allowed to the Paymader of the Pensions above dated Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum ——

From which dccufl the following Sums already provided; viz. On the Estimate of Guards and Gurrilons ——

On Ditto, for the Marine Corps ——

1,167 —

2,766 — 1,613 10

f, ' d.

5,8,0 ——

i, S 30 — — I c ;c -

5,70c ——

5,590 ——

3,980 ——

1S0 — —

676 — — 448 ——

26 ——

4° ——

1,267 — —

2 4,607 —

4,3-910 —

Remains - £.

In the 199 Widows above mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Eafjgns, Adjutants, and Quarter-inaiters, whole Pensions are of the same Rate as that of a 2d Lieutenant's Widow.

In IRELAND:

From id January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 35S Days.

Allowances to the Widows of Commissioned and Warranted Officers, and F.xpences attending I ifh.

the same - -..... - j £.5,462 7 10*

20,227 10 —

f Which Sum of £. 5,462. 7. 10 j. Irish, amounts, in Biitidi Money, to

Total

- - £

5»c42 4 3

25,26914 3

War Office, 7 9th Fcbiuary i8©i. )

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of VOLUNTEER CORPS of Cavalry and Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Year iboi.

In G R E A T BRITAIN:

For the Pay and Clonthing of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry in Great Britain, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

For the Pay and Cloaihing of Volunteer Corps of Infantry, for the same Peri d - .

For Contingencies for the above Corps of Cavalry and Infantry - - - -

Dcdutt, already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December i8co to the 24th March 180Y

Remains £,

£. s. d.

80 000 ——

480.000 — —

40,000 ——

60c,000 ——

145.000 -

455,000 — —

In IRELAND:

From id January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 358 Days.

Pay and Allowances to Volunteer Corps of Cavalry ----- ---- 209,594 19 —

Ditto - - to Voluntcei Corp: of Infantry - -- -- - 222.092 7 8

Pay for Majors of Brigade attached to the above Corps of Cavalry and Infantry - - - b.SSo — —

Contingencies for the said Corps ----- -- 20,000 — —

460,567 6 8

# Which Sum of £-460,567. 6. S. Irish, amounts, in Brkish Money, to

Tot a l

- 39 1 7

880,139 1 7

War Office,

9th February 1801.

IV. IVindb

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the BARR AC K DEPARTMENT f in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ir-hlasd '

for the Year 1801.

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

9 tk Febru

In GREAT BRITAIN':

From 2jth December i8co to 24th December idol, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Coals and Candles -Budding and Furniture - Barrack Mullers Expenditures Kants -

Lodging Money -Allowance to Governors, and others Barrack Office hdabliihmeni Repairs and Alterations Buildings -HoipitaB -

Fees to be paid at the War Office

Dcdutt the Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December lS^o to 24th March 1801, both ir.ciuiive ....

Remains

- £

In IRELAND:

From ill January iSol to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 358 Days.

Into.

Tiring and Candle for the Troops - -- - 131,000 — —

Regimental Officers Lodging and Bed Money - -.....30,000 — - —

Stuff Officers Lodging Money 6,800 — —

Lodging of Privates, and t> tabling - -- - 39,000 — —

Small Utensil Money - -- -- - 4,000 — —

Straw for the Troops - -- -- - 11,700 — —

Hospital Kx pen ccs - -- - - -- 3,400 — —

For Building New Barracks - -- -- 5 7,717 14 5

Repairs of Permanent Barracks ' - -- 9,700 — —

.Ditto of 'Temporary Barracks - -- -- 14,500 — —

Rents of Permanent Barracks - - 1,400 — —

Ditto of Temporary Barracks - -- -- 15,500 — —

B'dding and Furniture - - 19,500 — —

Barrack Officers Salaries ----- ----- - 5,000 — —

Barrack Makers Salaries and Allowances - -- 12,000 — —

Contingencies - -- -- -- 6,800 — —

368,017 14 5

t

Which Sum of £.368,017. 14. 5. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to ——

Total- ----£.

War Office, 1 9th February 1801. j

W. Windham.

£ * <!. 98,250 ——

40.000 — —

50.000 — —

23,462 — —

36»379 ——

2>749 -

>5.556 —

69,45° ——

77,950 — 46,500 — — 4,833 —

465.129 — — 171,200 — —

293,929 — —

339>7o8 >3 5

633.637 >3 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Me dicines, Be dding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Gr eat Britain and Ireland called J r el a n d; and of the Charge of the Royal Mititart Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from iff January 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive,

being 358 Days.

For Medicines for the Regiments of the Line, and for General Hospitals -For Bedding fer Ditto - -- --For Contingencies for General Hospitals - -- -- -Poundage, Pells, and Hospital Fees - - - -For the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wouaded Soldiers Irish. - 3.9*3 5 9 - *»395 18 8

1 23,154 1 4r

Which Sum of £. 23,154. 1, 4*. Irish, amounts, in British Money, t* V - - - £ *1,372 19. 1

War Office,

9th February i8ou

W. Windham.

Vol. 56.

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, ..... - = - l--~

(No. 3.)

9 tjt February.ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of ORDNANCE of Great Britain, for Nine Month:, from ift April

v ----- ^1 — 1 to 3111 December 1801; and of the said Charge in Ireland, for One Year, to 4th January 1802.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of ORDNANCE, pursuant to His Ma j est y's Orders, and not

provided for by Parliament; viz.

OS ACCOUNT of 1799.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Paid for Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - - - .

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

Paid for Current Service, and Contingencies ——

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward IHands, Demerara, and Trinidad ....

HOLLAND:

Paid for Contingencies and for repairing Russian Artillery For Brass Ordnance and Stores for the Ruffian Troops -

2 >9^9 14 9

3'77l *9 ~

SCOTLAND:

Paid for ere<5ling the New Barrack in Edinburgh Caltle

CINQUE PORTS:

Paid for W'orks and Repairs in the Division ----- ---....

REGIMENT of ARTILLERY, &c.:

Paid the additional Allowance to Innkeepers for Quartering Non-Commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery - - - .

£ ' *

J,*3S 4 5

,082 9 6

Carried forward -

ON ACCOUNT OF 1 8 O O.

NEW BRUNSWICK:

Paid for Works, and Contingencies

QJJ E B E C:

Paid for Current Service, and Contingencies -

Paid for Current Service, and Contingencies

MINORCA:

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, Demerara Surinam, and Trinidad '

FOREIGN SERVICE:

Paid for Contingencies of a Train of Artillery attending f Sir Ralph Abercrombie His Majesty's Forces, unde; the Command of - - J Sir James Pultcncy

5.168 7 a

4-937 n 11

Paid for Works and Repairs Paid for repairing Batteries

GRAVESEND and TILBURY: DEFENCE of the COASTS:

Carried forward - - _ .

24.607 1 —

6.74* 13 9

i,985 3 —

3,429 1 11

841 1 5

39,972 15 —

35° 4 9

693 9 4

1,283 17 1

13.514 18 5

io,ic6 — 1 3,063 11 11 616 7 3

29*638 8 8

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix.

701

Brought forward - -

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY and CORPS of ROYAL ENGINEERS.

£' >. d.

39)638 8 8

Appendix, (No. 3.)

9 th February.

Pay of an Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Artillery of One Major and Two Companies, confiding

ot 249 Men, Officers included, from 3d to 31st December 1800 inclusive, with Levy Money for the same 3,665 9 5

Pay of an Augmentation of Three Captain-Lieutenants to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from nth June

to 31 It December 1800 inclusive - - - -- - 215 19 8

Paid the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-comxniffioned Officers and Privates of the Royal

Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain - -- 12,000 — —

Paid the additional Allowance to Innkeepers, for Quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery ——

2,000

K7>*St 9 1

AMMUNITION for sundry REGIMENTS, and for MILITIA:

Ammunition to Three Regiments of Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot 5 to sundry Troops of Fencible Volunteer AiTocidted and Gentlemen and Yeomanry Cavalry; also, to sundry Regiments of

Fencible and Corps of Volunteer and Afiociated Volunteer Infantry ----- - 6*953 *7 6

Ammunition to sundry Regiments of Militia - -- - 4.33* 18 9 II,l86 l6 3

£ 58.706 14 —

Brought forward on Account of 1799 - - 39,972 15 —

Total Unprovided - £ 98,679 9 —

BSTIM ATE of the Charge of the Office of O RD N A N C E, for the Year 1801;

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Mailer General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at the £. s. d\ Tower ----- --- ----- - 151984 18 —

And at the following Places; viz.

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder ----- - 2,076 5 —

JnfpCwtor of Artillery at Ditto, and for proving Guns - *>377 12 6

Superintendant of Military Machines at Ditto 310 5

Hampton Court and St. James's, Windsor, and Greenwich ----- 226 — —

Woolwich - -- -- 570 — —

Purfleet..... . - . - 605 2 6

Grave fend and Tilbury - -- - 255 — —

Chatham ----- ----- - - 663 17 6

Upnor Castle - -- - 144 15 —

Sheerness..... 380 —

Fcverlham - -- - 583 17 6

Waltham Abbey - -- - 523 17 6

Dover - -- -- 120 — —

Portsmouth - -- - 823 17 6

Priddyfhard - -- - 303 17 6

Plymouth - -- -- 653 17 6

Key ham Point - - - - 170 — —

C Pendennis, Scilly I Hand, Chester Castle and Liverpool, Berwick, CarliHe, Tinmouth

Storekeepers at f Castle and uifford,s Fort> Hull> Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort - - - 430-

Guernsey - -- -- 448 2 &

Jer fey - - - t - - - 448 6

Isle of Man - -- -- 100 — —

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ----- ---- - 564 2 9

- £ 9

One Half of which is charged to the Sha Service

Vo i.56. 8 CL

3,881 ij 4

702

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix,

(No. 3.)

9th February.

Brought forward - -


North Britain Gibraltar -Jamaica -St. Christopher Antigua -Dominica $t. Vincent Barbadoes Grenada -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at,

\ Tobago

Martinico -

St. Lucia -

Bahama I Hands - -

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

Annapolis -

New Brunswick ..... St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland

Pay of Matter Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain; and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candlej ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pottage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses; making new and repairing old Carriages in the several Small Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Fumishing Beds, Bedtteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower -

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

£ s. J.

On Account of the Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confitting of 8,175 Men, Officers included - 266,375 17 6

Deduct: The Pay of One Company serving in Ireland, and paid there - - - - 4,054 *8 5

262,320 19 1

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, confitting of 1,199 Men, Officers included, £. /.

and 1,572 Horses -.....99,015 7 5

Deduct: The Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and paid there - - 11,860 1 6

87^55 5 11

Establittiment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Matters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich

Establittunent ofa Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draughtfmen

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men; Half Pay of Reduced Officers; Widows Pensions; and Allowances to Officers for good Services; pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants - - -7 -

Sums to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of£.1,639,055. 6. 7.; being the Amount of this Estimate for Great Britain....

Ordinary - - - - £,

13,881 15

554 *0

*,38j 7

273 15 . 584 — .

584 —

584 — . 584- . 584 —

584 —

584 -v 584 — 584 —

219 — 861 15 680 10 9i 5

67s s

657 —

3,69* 7 6

18,000 --- —

15,000 — —

3,000 — —

6,000 —

2,000 -- —

15,584 10 8

349476 5 —

3,15114 9

4»°33 5 ""

*4»*73 3 4

2,648 IO —

47,»39I *9 *

EXTRAORDINARIES, l8oi

703

__ Appendix,

(No. 3.)

9 th February.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of Fortifications, Artillery, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Senrice, and

Contingencies £.4,700 — —

For Intrenching Tools and other Stores ----- -- - 782 3 3

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

For sundry Small Stores -

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers

4-500 ——

487 2 8 600 — —

C t. / S*48* 3 i

5>5®7 *

NEW BRUNSWICK:

On Account, for eretting a new Powder Magazine, Current Service, and Contingencies For Powder and other Stores -

- 2,500 ——

842 17 8

3>34* 17 *

QUEBEC:

For Current Service and Contingencies

BERMUDA: For Current Service and Contingencies -

4,000 — —

1,000 — —

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Current Service and Contingencies For Brass Ordnance and Stores -

3*oooo — —

536 8 10

3,536 8 10

JAMAICA:

For Current Service and Contingencies....

ANTIGUA:

For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

ST. CHRIS TOPHER: For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

3.000 — —

3,052 ——

2.000 — —

DOMINICA: For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

BARBADOES: For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies

ST. VINCENT: For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRENADA:

For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

TOBAGO:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

MARTINICO: For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

6,238 — —

4,500 ——

9,470 — —

7,500 ——

2,000 — —

1*774 — —

ST.LUCIA:

For Repairs of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

Pay cf a Company of Royal Military Artificers, for Service of the Islands in general ——

On Account of the Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the West India Islands, Dtmerara, Surinam, Trinidad, and Curasao; also, for Contingencies -For a Supply of Small Arms, Carriages, Powder, and other Stores, for the West India Islands -

5,000 — — 1,876 i€ 9

40,000 — —

*3>S78 *4 3

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works -

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines -

Contingencies in the Engineers Department -

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeepers Departments -

For Timber, Iron, and Building Materials, Coals, and other Stores -

VoL.' 56.

- 3>983 3

- - - 2,280 ——

- 18,0+5 11 3

2,600 — -

- 2,000 — —

1,091 7 6

5,836 9 11

35>*36

9 '«

Carried forward

179774 *5

4

Appendix.

A. 1801.

' Appendix,

(No.

9 th February.

Brought forward - -

MINORCA:

For Current Service and Contingencies For Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies Fcr Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores -

j£. 6,000 — — 5,817 6 10

MALTA:

10,000 — — 12,865 2 3

TURKEY:

Pay of Military and Civil Officers and Artificers sent to Constantinople

For sundry Small Stores for the Field Artillery

PORTUGAL:

St. MARCOU:

For Repairs and Contingencies For Timber, Tools, and other Stores

For Current Service and Contingencies For sundry Small Stores

1,300 — —

1*630 14 11

CAPE of GOOD HOPE:

3,000 — — 834 16 2

G OR EE:

For Brass Ordnance and Stores

FOREIGN SERVICE:

On Account of the Pay of Military and Civil Officers with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces, and for Contingencies ——

For Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, for a Train of Artillery ——

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, for a Battering Train of Artillery -

For Brass Ordnance and Stores for a particular Service ——

For Small Arms, and Ammunition for Ditto....

JERSEY:

For Repairs and Contingencies....

For Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, Powder and Stores....

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers ....

GUERNSEY

For Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George and other Places in the Island For Intrenching Tools, Gun Carriages, and other Stores -Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

ISLE of MAN:

For Repairs and Current Service For Powder and Stores

30,000 — .

55*111 12 2

119,245 *4 1

4*°5S 5 8

10,642 9 6

3,282 17 5

1,404 16 8

2,800

*9 7

1,404 16 8

300

276 l9 3

j. 4/.

*79*774 *S 4

11,817 6 10

22,865 3

3,000 — —

47 S 3 10

2,930 14 ii

V

3,834 16 2 *43 3 9

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies -

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service and Contingencies ——

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ----- ....

CINQJUE PORTS:

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - _

CHATHAM:

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ....

- SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Works and Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies.

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Buildings and Wharfing - -- - 2,100 _

On Account, for the Repair of VefTcis, and Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the

Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury - 1,700 _

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs of the Buildings, and to crett a New Wharf, Cylinder House, and other Buildings -

Carried forward - - . _ £

219,055 S

6,037 *4 1 6,726 16 3

576 19 5 6,000 — —

200 — —

1.500 — —

6,350 ——

2,809 *3 S

3.500 — —

3,800 — — 5,000 — —

486,497 7 6

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

Brought forward. -

PORTSMOUTH!

For Repairs of the old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division £.4,475 2 1

Towards completing Cumberland Fort - -- 4,000 — —

On Account, for building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for

Use of the Navy --- ----- -- - 2,580 7 1

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf 5,060 —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- 2,809 13 5

GOSPORT:

For Contingencies* Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines; also, for erecting Barracks and Work-

Shops for the Royal Military Artificers ----- --- - 4,285 9 3

Towards completing the Covert Way, Glacis, and Inundation, at Fort Monckton, and for Repairs - 1,200 —

For reforming the Grand Battery and South West Bastion at Blockhouse Fort ----- 1,500 — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- ---- - 2,809 *3 5

1 '

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendeonis

and St. Maw's Castles, and at Scilly Island, Current Service, and Contingencies - 4,164 16 9

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers..... 2,809 *3 5

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies and Repairs of Barracks, and Officers Quarters -.....4,000 — —

Towards making a new Wharf for the more convenient landing and shipping Stores - 10,600 — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - - 2,809 *3 S

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers - ....

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For Repairs of the Buildings ——

DEFENCE of the COASTS:

For repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and keeping them in a State of Defence 1,575 15 10 For Ordnance and Stores for arming Gun Boats and Vessels on the Coasts - - - - 2,201 13 6

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY and CORPS of ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS, &c.

For Contingencies of Artillery ....

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery -

On Account of the Allowance, tn Lieu of Small Beer, for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain ——

On Account, for the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain ——

On Account of the additional Allowance to Innkeepers, for Quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery ——

On Account of the Pay of Five Companies of Royal Irish Artillery in the Service of Great Britain,

confiding of 500 Men, Officers included - - - - -....

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French* Emigrant Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 16 Field and Staff Officers, 3 Companies of Artillery, and 10 Officers en Second On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers, confiding of 17 Officers On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 339 Men, Officers included ——

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of German Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 218 Men, Officers included -

Ou Account of the Pay of a Corps of Captain Commissaries and Drivers attached to the Parks of Artillery serving in England ——

On Account for the Hire and Forage of fiorfes for the Parks of Artillery in England, and for Contingencies ——

For Gun Carriages, Waggons, Horse Harness, Ammunition, and Stores, for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns attached to Regiments of Foot and Militia in England -For Guns, Carriages, and Stores, for the Field Train of Artillery in Scotland -

9,000 — —

3,000 —

9,000 — —

18,000 — —

2,000 — —

2,500 — —

10,000 — - —

1,500 — —

7,000 — —

3,000 — —

37.583 >9 S

160,000 — —

34.3*8 l7 4

251 16 1

For a Supply for Regiments

TENTS:

REGIMENTS of FOOT:

On Account of the Allowance for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effe&ive Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain....

Carried forward ----£

70s

£ ' d. (No. -1.)

486,497 76 v

18,869 2 7

9,795 a 8

6,974 10 *

16,809 13 $

10,000 —

2,160 — —

3777 9 4

297,164 14

24,000 — —

9,000 — —

880,983 18 6

VOL. 56.

3 R

70 6

Appendix.

d. i8or.

Appendix,

(No. 3.)

9^ February.

Brought forward -

SMALL ARMS:

For the Supply of Regiments, Associations* See. &c. ——

SALT PETRE:

For the Purchase of Two Hundred Tons for Land Service, from the East India Company ——

Extraordinaries ——

Ordinary ——

Total - - Ordinary and Extraordinaribs, 1801 -

Deduct - - Granted by Parliament for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Months of January, February, and March 1801 -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries for Nine Months, from id April to 31st December 1801..... -

Unprovided - . j *799*, - I*nd Service.....39.971 «S —

I 1800 - - Ditto ----- -- 58,706 14 — *

Total - - - for Great Britain -

880,983 18 6

180,000 — —

8,000 — —

1,068,983 18 6 471,39! 19 1

i.S4*37S f7 7 457,000 — —

1,083,37s *7

98,679 9 — 1,182,055 6 7

lot SERVICE in IRELAND:

ESTIMATE of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Expbnces of the Office of ORDNANCE there,

from 5 th January 1801 to 4th January 1802; viz.

ORDINARY:

Civil branch Laboratory Branch Military Branch Engineers Contingencies

EXTRAORDINARY:

One Company of British Foot Artillery serving in Ireland One Troop of British Horse Artillery serving in Ditto -Pay, Forage, Incidents, &c. of Drivers Corps -Incidental Expences of the Artillery Regiment -Small d

i Arms

Extraordinary Ordinary -

Total - - - Irish Money Being in Sterling TOTAL for the United Kingdom

Howe.

A. Ross.

Office of Ordnance, 1 9th February 1801. J

7. Sargent.

jC- 72,945 *5 3

3,600 — —

14.000 — —

9*354 ——

13.000 — —

15.000 ——

Gunpowder..... / - 24,000

Iron Shot, Lead Ball, and Flints 5 jCOO

Camp Equipage and Intrenching Tools - -

Field Train and Battering Guns ——

Carriage of Ammunition and Arms ——

Laboratory Expences ——

Emery and Oil - .

Gun Boats

Repair and Rent of Fortifications ——

Accoutrements for Yeomen ——

Swords for Cavalry

10.000 -

24.000 -

8.000

5.000

6.000

7.000 18,000

3.000

5.000

251*954 72*945

- 3*4-899 Is

299,907 9 5

1,481,96a 16 —

T)io. Baillie.

ABST RACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the NAVY, for the Year 1801.

No.

2.

3-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-J

10.

11.

12.

>3-

14.

*5-

16.

*7-

18.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Grteat Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

Superannuated Sea Officers - - - - - 41,538 13

Pensions and other Allowances - -- -- 19,980 2

f Chatham .....4,200 5 — -

.....- - 3>579 >* —

'.....4,057 16 —

- - - 6,261 10 *-

2,434 8 6 .....* 4-94* 7 6-/

> Yards

I Deptford I Woolwich Portsmouth Sheerness Plymouth

Mutter Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

Charge of Harbour Mooring, and of Harbour Rigging ——

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs* and Buildings, &c. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

Bounty to Chaplains - -

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishraent - - - #

Ordinary Charge of the Sick and Wounded Establishment ——

Abate,

Voted for the Three first Lunar Months of the Year 1801, the 24th November i8c$ -The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for Ten Lunar Months of the Year 1801* will be

118,359 6 61,518 ,5

d.

t

4

25,480 5 4

7*979 *9 $

51,672 >5 3

46,634 16 8

43*77° — —

,27,840 — —

155,000 —

1,231 >7 6

75,946 6 11

26,984 3 4

842,418 5 8

205,000 — —

637,418 5 3

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for Ten Lunar Months of the Year i8or, amounts to Six Hundred and Thirty-seven Thousand Four Hundred and Eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Penca

A. S. Ha H. Duncan.

y. Hcnflow. tV. Rule.

Geo. Rogers. tV. Bellingham.

H. Harm S. Gambier.

Appendix, {No. 4.)

12th February.

NAVY OFFICE, 10th February i8o«.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; for the Year 1801.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Repair.

DEPTFORD - - 74 Colossus - 1 Building -

32 Narcissus - - Building -

74 Fame - - - Ordered to be built

Yacht New - - - Ordered to be built

— New - - - Ordered to be built

WOOLWICH - -

Time when may be

V ——

Taken in Hand.

[n Hand - -

Completed.

Uncertain

Uncertain

98

74

36

38

44

a4

Ocean - -Plantagenet Ethalion -Lively Pandour -Amaranthe

Building - - -Building - -

Building -

Ordered to be built Repairing - -

Repairing - -

In Hand In Hand In Hand — — In Hand In Hand

Total

Uncertain Uncertain Uncertain — Uncertain Uncertain

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired -

Total -

Chargt of their TOTAL.

Hulls, Marts, and Yards* a Rigging ind Scores.

£ D

43.300 7,000 30,300

6,150 3.380 9,530

4,000 4,000

1,500 m 1,500

i,5°° - - 1.500

I7*4°° 7,000 24,400

3 17,380 7«.*3°

5,200 5.200

*9*77° 6,500 26,270

11,820 2,000 13,820

4,800 1,000 5,800

5*57 2,000 7*57°

3,710 1,000 4,710

8,709 2,700 11400

' 59-57* 15,200 74.77®

VOL. 56.

Appendix, (No. 4.) litk February.

Place where.

CHATHAM - -

SHEERNESS

PORTSMOUTH -

PLYMOUTH

River THAMES

Guns. Ships Names, Building, or Nature of their Rep:

74 Revenge - Building - -

98 Impregnable - Ordered to be built

74 Warfpite - - Ordered to be built

100 Victory - Large Repair

Time when may be

y-

Taken in Hand.

In Hand - -

In Hand -

Completed,

Uncertain

Uncertain

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired

Total - -

50 jAntelope - -jBuilding - - - - -jin Hand - -jUncertain

For a Frigate that may be ordered for a Middling Repair when the Works of the Port will admit.....J

Total -

98 Dreadnought - Building - - - In Hand - -

5° Tiger - - - Building - - - In Hand.

100 Britannia - - { Between Middling 7 \ and large Repair j Uncertain -

24 Laurel - - Middling Repair - Uncertain

28 Carysfort - - Between Small and 7 I Middling Repair J Uncertain

Uncertain Uncertain Uncertain

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired

Uncertain

Uncertain

IIO Hibernia - - Building - - - In Hand - -

120 Caledonia Ordered to be built - - . -

74 Culloden - - Large Repair - - - In Hand -

80 Canopus - - Middling Repair - Uncertain

80 Hercule - - f Between Small and 7 I Middling Repair 3 Uncertain

20 Coureur - - Very small Repair - - Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Total

- £

Total for the Ships in the KING'S Yards - - - £.

MERCHANTS YARDS

74 Albion - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— Hero - - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— Repulse - Building - - - - In Hand - -

— Eagle - - - Building In Hand -

— 1 Uuftrious - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— Sceptre - Building - - - In Hand - -

32 Eolus - - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— Mcdufa - - Building - - - In Hand - -

Gun Vessel - New - - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - - - - _ In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - _ _ In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - - - In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - - . In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - - . In Hand - -

— New - - - Building - In Hand -

— New - - - Building In Hand - -

H Carried forw

August 1801 August 1802 August 1802 July 1802 July 1802 July 1802 May 1801 April 1801 -

May 1801 May 1801 May 1801 May 1801 May 1801 May 1801 May 1801 May 1801 May 1801

- -

Charge of their v TOTAL. 1

Hulls, Mads, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

£- £ £

6,000 - - 6,000

4,000 - - 4,000

4,000 N 4,000

39,610 9,200 48,810

20,640 io,oeo 30,640

74,250 19,200 93.450

12,000 i,8co 13,800

4,000 - - 4,000

16,000 1,800 17,800

17,450 3»74° 21,190

14,810 4*34° 19*150

- 20,000 - - 20,000

3,710 2,660 6*3 7°

3»36° 2,030 5*3 90

8,540 3,000 11,540

67,870 15*77° 83,640

14,000 14,000

4,000 - - 4,000

17,000 3400 20,400

- 11,490 4,400 15,890

io,oco 9,260 19,260

1,450 1,810 3,260

57>94° 18,870 y6tSio

339>4>o 78,290 417>700

17,280 17,280

8,940 - 8,940

20>460 20,460

17,120 - 17.120

16,320 4,090 20,410

22,580 8,030 3 0,610

4,4 IO 3,520 7*93°

O O 6,130 11,160

3370 2,630 6,000

3>37° 2,630 6,000

3»3?o 2,630 6,000

3*370 2,630 6,000

3*37° 2,630 6,oco

3*37° 2,630 6,000

3*370 2,630 6,000

2,630 6,coo

3*370 2,630 6,000

4 142.470 4$:440 187,91-,

4i Geo. Ill*

Appendix

709

Place where. Guns. Sh‘>p9 Karnes. Building, or Nature of their Repair. Time when may be Charge of the total.

f Taken in Hand. A Completed. / Hulls, Mafti, and Yards. A R-gging and Sturts.

£ £ £.

1 Brought forward - - £. 42.47° 45-440 187,910

River THAMES - Jun Vessel - New - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - May 1801 3.370 2,630 6,coo

— New - - - Building - - - In Hand - - May 1801 3-3"° 2,630 6,000

— New - - - Building - - - In Hand - - May 1801 3 37° 2,630 6,000

— New - - Building - - - - In Hand - - May 1801 3.370 2,6 jo 6,coo

— New - - - Building - - - In Hand - - May 1801 3.370 2.630 6,coo

— New - Building - - - In Hand - - May 1.801 3-37o 2,630 6,oo»

— New - - - Building - - - in Hand - May 18c 1 3.3/0 2,630 6,coo

BURSLEDON - - 36 Rcfiflance Building - In Hand - - Ap;il 1801 - 8,600 1,690 10,290

HARWICH - - - 74 Conqueror Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain o,33° - - 10,330

BUCKLERSHARD - — New - - - Building - - - - Tn Hand - - March 1803 " 7.080 7,080

36 L'Aigle - - uilding - - - In Hand - - M-t ' h 1801 - '5,480 1,590 7,070

— New - - - Building - - - In I'and - - Dec. 1801 7-S'o 3,580 11,090

Gun Vessel - New - - - Building - - - - fn Hand - - May 1801 3.370 2.630 6,000

— N ew - - Building - - In Mar d - - May 18c 1 3.3 0 2,630 6,000

— New - - - Building - - - - . In Hand - - May 1801 3.37° 2,630 6,000

FRINSBURY - - 3^ Tartar - - Building - - - in Hand - - May 1801 7.590 4.870 12460

Gun Vessel - New - - Building - In H;nd - - May 1801 / - 3 370 2,630 6,000

MILFORD - - - 74 Milford - - Building - - - In Hand - Uncertain 6,oco - 6,000

44 Lavinia - Building - - - [n Hand - - Uncertain 2,000 - 2,000

Sloop - - Nautilus - -j Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain 2,000 - - 2 coo

Total for the Ships in the Merchants Yards - 236,130 86,100 322^30

Total for the King's Ships brought forward - - 339«Ho 0 ON N CO 417*700

For the Purchal'e of Six Armed Snips - 35,000 - - 35,000

Grand Total for the Ships - 610,540 164,390 774.930

Appendix, (No. 4.)

1 zth February.

On WORKS of the YARDS:

WOOLWICH - - To making a Drain without the West Wall in the New Yard, to erect Cranes, See. and to complete as much of the Wharf Wall next the River as can be complied with ----- -- £ 12,000

Total - - - . 12,000

CHATHAM - - To complete hying the Floors, fitting the Birth*, and complete the new Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf - , - - - _ 3>'5°

Total - - - - 3.150

PORTSMOUTH - To take out the Earth to the Depth proposed, clear away the Dam, and complete the Walls (with Granite To complete the South Dock in the Bason and Drains to the Reservoir ----- - To carry on the South Eall Dock in the Bason and Drain - - - To carry on the Stone Whaif and Dam at the North Boundary of the Yard - To complete the Jetty Head and Havvfer House on the North Side of the Entrance into the Bason -To carry on and build Locks, with Mad Houses, over them, in the Inner Mall Pond -To complete the Stone Wharf on the North and South Sides of the proposed Noitn Bason -To complete the Cellars over the Reservoirs 1,900 5,coo 40.000 20.000 18,000 20,000 2,000 10,000

Total - - - . I 16,900

VOL. 56.

8 S

(contimitd.)

Appendix, (No. 4.)

lith February.

PLYMOUTH -

On WORKS of the YARD S — continued.

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the West Fron^ of the Rope Houses, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses ——

To blowing and levelling the Rock at Wrhite*House Hill ——

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head, and Landing Place -

Towards building the new Store Boat Houses ——

To erecting a Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioner's Lodgings -

To digging away the Rock that the old Rope Houses flood on, Sail Green, and building Slope Walls To digging away the Rock that the higher old Storehouse stands on -

Towards building the East Cross intermediate new Storehouse ——

Towards building Slope Walls and Stairs, Coal Cellars, and Necefl'aries, at the Back of the Officers new Offices ——

To digging the Rock at the Back of the Officers new Offices, and Slopes ——

To building a new Painter's Shop agreeable to the Plan -

To building a Reservoir for receiving the Water brought to the Yard Gates ——

To building Three new Working Sheds on the new Ground ——

560

600

1,830

4,010

1.630 1 >240

5.500

4.630

1.130

900

2,220

1,540

1.130

Total

- £

26,920

ABSTRA

Tor the Ships in His Majesty's Yards -For the Ships in the Merchants Yards

C T:

1

1

Hulls

Rigging and Stores Hulls

Rigging and Stores

For the Purchase of Six Armed Ships For the Improvements on the Yards

- 539*4107

> 417700

78,2903

- *36,1307

s, 322,230 86,100)

35,000

- 158,970

GRAND TOTAL - - £.933,900

Fix.

The Sum of Nine Hundred Thirty-three Thousand Nine Hundred Pounds, being the full Amount of the Extra Estimate for the whole of the Year 1801, abating from the said Amount the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, voted 24th November 1800, for the Three First Lunar Months of the Year 1801.

TOTAL for the remaining Ten Lunar Month*

£ 733-9°°

A. S. diamond.

H. Duncan.

J. Henjlow. Geo. Rogers. //.

tVm Rule. H.Bellingham.

Appendix.

ytt

Navy Office, 27th Jar.uary 1801.

}An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Maj esty's NAVY, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood

on the 31st December 1800.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

NAVY:

Due for Eills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Stores, Freight of Tenders, Slop Cloathes, Bedding for Seamen, Scc. supplied for the Service of the Navy - -

For Freight of Fenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the 3 ill December 1800; as also for several Bills of Exchange For Wrges to His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an EAablishment made by His Majesty in Council on that Behalf ——

For Wages to Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

For Wages to Seamen and Marines on board Ships in Sea Pay' -

VICTUALLING:

As per Account received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Provisions, Stores,&c. r

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 3 id December 1800 -

For Neceuary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies For Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the Ports -For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

Particulars.

jr. s. d.

1,855,712 2 8"

894,952 6 2

43FS93 ——

157,582 17 6

449,484 15 4

1,609,634 ——

1,082,126 5 10'

86,637 17 10 125,128 10 11 38,222 7 11

32,626 3 6

SICK and WOUNDED:

As per Account received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters, and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Sick Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office

TRANSPORTS:

As per Account received from those Commissioners: viz.

Due for Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for the Freight of Transports and Stores, and for the

Subfntence, Cloathing, See. of Prisoners of War in Health....

For Freight of Transpoits, and for Stores supplied. Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also, for Subsistence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 3 id December 1800 ——

The Difference between the Balance in the Treasurer's Hands, and of the Sum received from the Exchequer in the Year 1800, out of the Supplies of the Year 1801 (as below) ——

The Debt of the Navy amounts to Eight Million Seven hundred and Five thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings

TOTAL.

u.

5,399,259 , 3

Appendix (No. 4.) nth February 4

i>364»741 6 —

l59*l$ 19 ,0

348,988 14 3

1,006,745 10 1

- - - - D

*>355,734 4 4

8,278,970 |l jo 426,915 l?

8,7°5,^S6 8 10

Mem* — Fherfc was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1800, in MONEY, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

S — In what TREASURER'S HANDS. On the HEADS of total.

r Navy. Victualling. Sick and Wounded. \ Trtnfports.

£ ' <* £ ' d. £. s. £. s. d. £ s. d

Right honbl? Isaac Barre - - . - 5,852 19 10 88 5 4! 10 17 9 - - - 5,952 2 Ilf

Right honbk Hr Dundas; id Treasurership - 5>331 4 I°i 116 11 3f 10 14 11 5,458 II 1

Right honbIf Charles Townftiend - 2,982 5 i:' 643 *7 >1 11 11 3 - - - - 3,637 14 2*

Right honbh Dundas; 2d Treasurership - 3,125 14 8| 394 17 — 3 3l - - - - 3,520 14 iof

Right honbI. Dudley Ryder - 526,712 10 a 129,137 *9 8i 24,206 11 — - 102,814 12 2 782,871 13 — I

c. 544,004 15 5} 130,381 n 4 24?239 l7 3 102,814 J 2 2 801,440 l6 2\

£ s. d.

Received in the Year 1800, of the Supplies granted for the Year 1 Soi ----- --- -1,228,35613 3

Abate: The Balances in the Treasurers Hands (as above) - 801,440 16 i\

The Amount received of the Supplies of the Year 1801 in the Year 1S00, being more than the Balances in the Hands of") j *

the Treasurers of the Navy on the 31st December i8co, the Difference is added to the Debt (as above) - - - £ 3 I 4

A. S. Hamo:id. J. Hevjloiv. Geo. Rogers. il. Harwood,

if. Duncan. WnRule. ' IF. Bellingham. S. Gam bier*

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

[ ith February.

Transport-office, 9th February 1801.

An ESTIMATE of the Sums that will be wanted for the Service of TRANSPORTS and PRISONERS of WAR in Health, at Home and Abroad, between the 26th March and the 31st December 1801; being Ten Lunar Months.

For the Service of Transports -

For the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad

£ J. d.

971,436 5 10

474.282 8 8

£ *.445,718 H 6

Rupt George.

Ambrose Serle. lVm Ay Otway.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, the 9th February 1801.

An ESTIMATE of what Money may be wanted for the Subsistence, &c. of $ I C K P R I S O N E R S of W A R, for Ten Lunar

Months, in the Year 1801, commencing the 26th March 1801.

Viz1

£ i55>°00 ——

Sum Total is - - - One Hundred and Fifty-five Tiioufand Pounds.

Ja. JounJlom. IV. GibbonsJn Harness.

Appendix,

(No. 5.)

ESTIMATE of the Charge of FOREIGN CORPS, in the Service of Great Brita i n, for the Year 1801.

12 th February.

.....i Charge of One Regiment of Dragoons (Hompefch) from 25 th of December 1800 to 24th December 1801, both

inCiiilive; King 365 Days -

Of Five Regiments of Infantry (La Chatre, Catlries, Mortemart, Roll, and Dillon) for the same Period # Of One Regiment of Infantry ( Meuron) for the same Period ——

Of Five Regiments of Dutch Infantry, for the same Period ——

Of Two Battalions of Dutch Light Infantry, for the same Period ——

Of One Battalion of Dutca Artillery, for the same Period - -

Of Levy Money for Ditto ——

Of Staff attached to the Dutch Troops, for the same Period....

Of OneCorps of Invalids, for the same Period -

Of Ilospital Staff, Hospital Expences, &c. in Isle of Wight -

Of Full Pay to unattached Officers -

Of Allowances to Reduced Officers, in Lieu of Half Pay ——

For Aged and Wounded Officers, and for Officers Widows, &c. ——

For Contingencies ——

Total - -

Dtdufr: The Charge of Mcuron's Regiment, which is to be defrayed by the East. India Company

Peduft: The Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Three Months, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive ——

Remains - -

Numbers.

479

3.560

1,125

5,615

i>4H

712

100

13,015

Annual Charge.

d.

4

8

£ '

27,589 2

132,071 II

33,850 ——

155,298 12 6

52,828 12 8

26,414 6 4

6,oco — — 7,106 9 —

3.000 -

3.000 — —

4,890 3 1

12,192 6 10

10,000 — — 13,200 — —

487,441 4 5

33,850 —

453>39‘ 4 S

150,000 -

303>39i 4 5

War Office, 1

12th February 1801. J

IV. Windham.

Appendix.

7*3

E S T 1 M ATE of the Charge of an Augmentation of the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, and Infantry of the Line; and of the Charge of Twelve New Compa: ies of In va li ds, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Grertt Britain and Ireland, called Great Britain, from 25th March 1801 to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

Append!

(No. j.)

i rth February.

NTjmberj

Augmentation of One Lieutenant, One Serjeant, One Corporal, and 19 Private Men per Troop, to the Ftrll Rjgiir.ent of Dragoon Guards:

Pay ot Comurffioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men -C-outliing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men ——

Agency....

264

Charge.

£. s. d.

8,628 2 6

917 6 10

59 16 3

£. s. d.

9,605 5 7

Like Augmentation to the Second Regiment of Dragoon Guards:

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Otficers, and Private Men

Cloathing of Non-cominiilioned Officers and Private Men -

Agency....

220

7>190 2 1

764 9 I

49 16 11

8,004 8 I

Like Augmentation to 18 Regiments more of Dragoon Guards arid Dragoons:

3,960

144,079 5 6

Allowance to the Colonels on Account of the First Cloathing and Accoutrements -

Ditto, for Horse Furniture -

Levy Money for the Men, at £.15. o. 6. for the Heavy Dragoons; and£. 12. 18. 6. for the

Light Dragoons ....

For the Purchase of 4,242 Horses, at £.26. 5. per Horse

Allowance to the Men for Small Beer ....

For the Allowance to Innkeepers ....

For Extra Feed for the Hones -

35,658 — 24,762 13 6

59,767 1 —

111,352 IO —

4,b6o 2 6

8,000 — — 58,000 — —

Augmentation of Two Companies to a Battalion of Infantry of the Line:

Pay of Commissioned Office; s, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men Cloathing of Non-co.niniffioned Officers and Private Men -

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captains ....

Like Augmentation to 20 Battalions more

On Account of Levy Money for the said Augmentations -Allowance to the Commandants for Cloathing and Accoutrements -Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men for Small Beer -Allowance to innkeepers, upon Account ——

One Independent Company of Invalids:

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men Agency ——

Allowance to th°, Captain ——

Three Companies more, of the like Numbers -

Pay and Agency of the Staff Officers to be attached to the above Companies

220 -

220 -

3> 766 8 9 465 6 5

38 1 7

85 9

4.354 19 6

4,400 .

87,099 10 —

9M54 9 6

4,620

40,000 — —

20,000 — —

5,000 -

4,000 -

160,454

9

6

no

1,997 9 6

18 13 7

75 6 n

2, C9t IO —

445

6,274 10 — 555 10 —

8,921 10 —

One Independent Company of Invalids:

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain ——

Five Companies more of the like Numbers

109 -

1,688 19 2

18 211

75 0 n

1,782 9 —

8,912 5 —

10.694 14 —

One Independent Company of Invalids:

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain ——

One Company more of the like Numbers

C'oathingand Accoutrements for the above Twelve Companies

For the Extra Allowance to Innkeepers -

Allowance for Small Beer ——

Bounty to the Men at £. 1. 5* each ——

79

79

1,299 7 6 18 2 11

60 5 6

1*377 11

L377 15 11

2,7/55 11 io

4,25617 — 2,500 —

1,200 ——

i»516 ——

Total

10,321

656,388 8 6

War-Office,

12th February 1801.

W. Windham.

V*OL. 56.

8 T

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix,

(No. 5.) An Act C O UN T of the Net Produce of the Duty on PAPER, for Three Years, to the 5th July 1S00; diilingui firing each Year.

18th February. £. /. d.

138,895 ——

133410 ——

138,228 — —

YEARS ended 5th July } ,8th Febrotry *801.

51798 1799 1800

J. HoJoJon,

Gen1 Acari.

An A C COUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties imposed on TEA, in the Years 1795, 1796# and 1798, for Three Years, to

5th July 1800; distinguishing each Duty, and each Year.

YEARS ended 5th July -

J 18th February 1801. London. J '

Tea 1795, 7} Cent, on all Teas- Tea 1796, 10 per Cent, on Teas at and j above the Value of as. 6d. per lb. Tea 1798, 5 per Cent on Teas at and: above the Value of as. 6d. per ib.

£ ' d- £. d. £ '

1798 - - 196,323 $ 229,023 9 8 — — — .

1799 - - 254,5,0 10 — 298,008 13 4 151,606 6 8

1800 - 248,072 — — 306,316 10 — 351,507 10 —

John Rix,

Accompt' Gen1.

An ACCOUNT of the G ross Produce of the Duties on P RIN T E D G O O D S, for Three Years, to 5th July 1800; difUnguiflring each Article subject to a different Rate of Duty; together with the Total Net Produce of all the said Duties for the same Years.

Number of Yards.

322 , 1,782,179,'* 418479 5

2,639,408,*

23'453>97°t

2,470,368

116 1,720,050* 376,007 3.061,8ojt?* »7.o»9,9J2,75 *.879,077

448

,»S77>53^ 631,138 3.232,173 28, 692,790 3,402,704

,8°'-

ARTICLES.

Silks f Yard wide Foreign Calicoes Silk Handkerchiefs -Linens and Cotton Stuffs -British Muffins and Calicoes Stained Paper -

Silks Yard wide Foreign Calicoes Silk Handkerchiefs -Linens and Cotton Stuffs -British Muffins and Calicoes Stained Paper -

Silks I Yard wide Foreign Calicoes Silk Handkerchiefs -Linens and Cotton Stuffs -British Muffins and Calicoes Stained Paper

1798

1799

jSoo

7- Hodgfun,

Rate of Duty per Yard.

d.

7

4*

3r

3i

7

4f

3t

li

.}* 3r 11

Amount of Duty.

25 13 4 46,011 9 7i

11,^33 16 n{

47>'37 6 5± 418,436 IO 5 24,811 8 7!

548,256 5 4

NET PRODUCE.

£ d.

18 8

51,983 3 3

7,846 9 9*

38*49i 7 5

342,037 1 4

18,013 2 —

458,389 12 9ll

6 12 11

50,168 3 1

7,050 2 7i

44>65i 6 „ 1 / a

394,040 *9 6J

20,993 5 4 i

516,910 10 *f

£ /. d.

214.366 — —

>593 ——

279459 -

Gen1 Acco*.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens* and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800, of the Number of H O R S E S kept for the Purposes of Riding, or drawing Four-wheeled Carriages and Chaises; distinguishing the Number of Horses kept by Persons having only One each, from those where Two or more are kept by the same Person; also, the Number of Horses kept and used for other Purposes, and chargeable with Duty*

Appendix*

(No. 7->

18 th February.

ENGLAND and WALES -SCOTLAND....

1 - m - - Number of Horses where One only is kept. Number of Horses where Two or more are kept.

126,965 6,646 69,454 3*389

>33»6> 1 7*'®43 133,611

Total ----- - 206,454

ENGLAND and WALES SCOTLAND

Office for Taxes, 1 iSth February iSoi. J

Number of Horses kept for other Purposes.

- - 1 ®S3»,3*

- - - 9>,s66

Total - - 944,698

H. Parker.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of SUGAR Imported, Exported, and remaining for Home Consumption, in the Three Years ending the 5th January i8co; distinguishing each Year.

YEAR ending 5th January 1798 Ditto - 1799

Ditto - 1800

eneraPs Office, 1 iufe, London, >

18 th 1801. 3

Inspector General's Office, Custom House,

February

Imported. Exported. Remaining for Home Consumption.

Cwt. q. lbs. Cwt. q. lbs. Cwt. q. lbs.

- - - - 2,139.887 1 26 884;o83 0 15 >.253*799 >>

- - " - " - 2,699,863 3 7 1,252,274 1 5 1 >,447.589 2 2

3-39°>974 2 22 632,712 1 18 1 1 2,758,262 1 4

1

Appendix, (No. 8.)

8 th February.

William Irving,

Inspector Gen1 of Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Note. . The Quantity of Refined Sugar exported has been reduced into the Denomination of Raw, by allowing a Proportion of 20 Cwt. of Raw to 11 Cwt. of Refined.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of PEPPER Imported, Exported, and remaining for Home Consumption,‘in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1800; distinguishing each Year.

Imported. Exported. Remaining for Home Consumption.

YEAR ending 5th January 1798 - - -Ditto - 1799 - -- -- --Ditto- - 1S00 - Lbs. 4,198,280 6,278.003 4,335*682 Lbs. 2,717,090 5,879,463 2,485,299 Lbs. 1,481.190 398.540 >,850,383

William Irving,

„ _ , inspector Gen1 of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Inspector General's Office,} r r

Custom House, London, C

February 18th 1801. \

Appendix.

Ai8or.

Appendix, (No. 8.) \ % th February.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties (after deducing the Drawbacks) on the under-mentioned Articles of W O O D, in the Three Years ending the 5th of January 1798, 1799* and 1800; dilliuguifnirg each Year.

f Eight Feet in Length* and not exceeding 20 Feet, and not above 2I Battens - < Inches thick ——

£ — — exceeding 20 Feet* and not above i\ Inches thick

1 1 I Under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under ic Feet long ... Board, Oak{ ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --_ above ,5 Feet long -

{Above 7 Inches in width above 20 Feet long and not above 4 In. thick — — — ' — — above 20 Feet long and above Inches tliick

— — — — — under 20 Feet long and tinder \ Inches thick

— — — — — under 20 Feet long and above \ Inches

— — — -J- — under 10 Feet and not above i-

Deal Ends

xr Ary 1 I Under c Inches square KncesofjOak| Above g and onder frchcs square

{"£ssrf:r,lo-ns: ::

Masts

f 6 to 8 Inches Diameter < 8 to r 2 -

112 and upwards

----- -Oak....

r Under 36 Inches in Length -\ 36 to 50 - -

Staves - < 50 to 60 -

j 60 to 72 L72 and upwards

tr- 1 f Above 10 Inches square

Timber, Fir {0iiderIoInchej *» .

- - Oak -Wainscot Lops

Balks -

f Under $ Inches square ( 5 and under 8 Inches -

# Boards, 1 Under 7 Feet long Pailing ( Above 7 Feet -

Total -

Infpc&or General's Office, Cuilom Hcufc, London;

3 8th February 1801

dice, on, >

HI Hi am Irvin rr

o *

*797- 1798. j >799-

Duty Duty. Du V

s. d. / /. / /. d.

>4-475 9 i 11,232 16 3 9.584 18 5

30 >5 8 54 11 2 5° *4 3

>7 4 9 6 7 3 >5 *5 —

- 1 5 2 I 18 9

5.416 1 3 4,2! 4 6 7 7>S66 *4 4

302 4 44 1 3 4* 1 10

>4!,83s — 8 *55»l54 9 11 154,500 2 10

4-533 l9 9 3,462 9 11 4*838 5 7

4-743 3 1 4;8S7 5 6 4.982 8 8

6 — 2 3 1 11 3 12 7

69 12 10 53 5 10 40 10 —

992 *7 — 1 337 19 11 '>538 >4 9

>-367 11 1;652 7 11 1,510 *4 11

3*7 7 8 502 *5 3 S34 14 7

I 052 9 3 L?°3 — 9 1,706 2 6

8482 7 4,040 16 9 2,85 6 J7 9

7,082 *5 1 6,100 10 3 9,267 12 7

702 19 — *497 5 1 1,866 2 9

6 3 6,982 11 11 ~ r C* - / »5° > 19 8

111 8 1 962 16 1 1,812 *5 4

6;363 13 1 10,704 12 9 12,054 2 9

7 >9 3 11 11 4 *7 H 6

52.79* 1 2 64119 1 > — 56,883 19 9

5,982 17 10 7: + 5^ 6 10 8,902 10 9

5*5 8 10 739 15 — 300 11 3

00 7 — 2,693 4 5 1 *493 2 3

399 *5 9 663 16 1C 799 6 3

2,840 7 9 3,708 2 8 4oi5 16 —

1,069 !9 5 D779 *4 3 1 *547 11 4

67 8 6 31 2 4 43 >5 2

269,609 4 9 2 95,604 6 2 296,965 7 1

Jnfpcdor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of L E A D exported in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1800; distingui filing each Year,

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - j Quantity.

YEAR ending 5th January1 1798

— — — 5th January 1799-

— — — 5th January i8co

Tons, Cw t. qrs. lb. 11,703 l6 I 2

12,226 12 2 13

12,840 17 OI9

Jnfpcftor General's Office, Custom House, London 18th February j 801

Eice, J

: I

William Irving, +

Inipe^or General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of RAISINS, dirtinguishing the Sorts, imported and Exported, and remaining for Home

Consumption, in the Years ending the 5th January 1798, 1799, and 1800.

CO

C

Year ending the 5th January 1798.

Denia Faro -Lexia

Lipari Smyrna Solis -

Imported. 1 Exported. I Remaining for Home Consumption.

Cwt. qrs. lbs. ! Cwt. qrs. lbs. j Cwt. qrs. lb«.

37-335 3 |8; >41 O 37*!94 3 7

'.-133 0 18: 259 O 24 1,173 3 22

8,84* 2 7; 3°5 3 *4 8,542 a 2i

7»-t6j 1 12 ! > 0 12 7.462 1 0

3.672 3 10; *>8 3 *3 3-4*3 3 25

*9.5*7 3 8 1,225 2 16 j 18,292 O £0

Year ending the 5th January 1799.

Imported.

Cwt. qrs. lbf

4:

Year ending the 5th January 1800.

Exp rted. I Remaining for j Home Cun- / lumption. Imported. Exported. Remaining for H-»me Consumption.

Cwt. qrs. It; Cwt. q»s. lbs. Cwt. q-s !b<- Cwt. qrs. lbr. Cwt. qrs. Ibs.

x I»196 3 *2 56,233 3 13 45,220 2 27 2,105 3 26 43,1143 1

29 3 20 1,914 2 12] I 6.35 I 4 (>35 1 4

2,282 0 20 24,600 O 4 ! 20,713 O 18 182 0 25 j 20,530 3 2 1

7-367 3 8 5,674 1 21 ,| 249 I 17 79 23 169 3 22

.^3 i| 10,281 0 6; 8,900 I 2 1 427 3 23; 8,472 1 26

3,070 0 261 l9*l97 2 7;] II 24,478 I I 2*«3° J51 i 21,647 3 14

Inspector General's Office, Cutlom House, Lordon 18th February 1S01

5ce,)

j

J Vi'Hit im If % ing.

Inspector General of the Impoits and Exports of Great Biitaia*.

Appendix;

717

AMOUNT of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, Sea Policies, and the Three Shillings Additional Duty of 1797, on Deeds, Charter Party, Bonds, Surrenders, and Agreements; and the Average thereof; for Two Years, ended the 5th January 1801.

DUTIES. Year ended the Year ended the AVERAGE.

5th January 1800. 5th January 1801.

Bills and Notes - - £. 214,240 10 2 235,100 IO 2 224,670 10 2

Sea Policies - - - 149,823 19 11 144,075 18 I *46>949 l9 —

Add* 3/. 1797 - 90013 13 — 17-7'9 93,866 6 6

Appendix,

(No. >)

1 Stb Febr


Stedman,

Comptroller's Office, 1 Deptr Comptr and Accomp1 Gen1.

17th February 1801.3

The Prcduft of the above Duties, for Three Years, commencing and ending 5th January, cannot be accurately given; as, previously to the Year 1799, the Annual Accounts of this Revenue were made up, agreeably to Act of Parliament, from August to Augufh

An ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the General Post Office, for Six Years, to the Jth April 1800.

L. . Gross Produce. Net Produce.

The Year ending 5th April 1795 - - 745.238 9 3* 414,548 11 7tj5

1796 - - 811,539 6 6/j 479,487 6 9/s

1797 - 863,624 17 8 541,883 14 111

1798 - - 950,476 7 7 613,280 11 8

1799 - - 1,012,731 17 8 657,388 6 si

1800 - - 1,078,420 15 4 7*7.335 — 3 i

Appendix, (No. xo.)

18 tb February.

February 18th, 1801.

Fho' Church,

Dep7 Acc* Gen1.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the General Post Office, for Three Years, to the Jth April 1800.

Gross Produce. Net Produce.

The Year ending the 5th April 1798 - £. 950,476 7 7-95 613,280 11 8

>799 - - 1,012,731 17 8 657,388 6 5 5

1800 - - 1,078,420 15 4 7*7.335 — 31

Fho ' Church,

February 18th, 1801. Depr Acco' Gen1.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce and Net Exchequer Payments of the General Post Office, for Three Years,

to the 5th January 1801.

Net Exchequer Payments,

The Year ending 5th January, Gross Produce. including £.13,700 per Ann. Parliamentary Grants.

r 1799 - - £ Accountant General's Gross -< 974,119 18 8 682,700

£ 1800 - - - 1,055,442 6 ioi 726,700

Receiver General's Gross - - 1801 - - - 953.4*7 7 4 729,700

fho' Church,

February 18th, 1801, Dep/ Accot Gen*;

Vol. 56. % y

Appendix.

1801,

Appendix,

(No. ii.)

19 th Feb.

15th Year.- The ANN

Dr. Oi D S° Sf 5A

1800. 15th YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. Price.

JanL To Quarterly Issue 250,000 — —

99 and 96 Annuities i3»72o 3 7

- Dividends - 286,452 17 8

- Loans - 572>777 4 —

- Imperial Loan 11,464 14 9

Feb* 4. By Stock bought — -

5- - D° - — 17,000

6. - D° - — -

7- - D° - — - - -

11. - D° - — 1 - -

12. - D° - - - ‘

*3- - D° - >

14. - D° - "

18. - D» - — -

*9- - D° - — 3,000

20. - D° ——

21. - D° - - — 2,000 62}

25* - D* ——

27. - D° - - - — 4.500 6 2f

28. - Do - 6,000 *3i

Mar. 4. - D° ——

5- - D° - — 9,100 631

6. - D° ——

7- - D° ——

21. - D° ——

x3* - D° - - - ' ——

!4. - D° - — -

18. - D° - — -

19. - D« - - ~ ——

20. - Do ——

21. - D° - — - .

26. - I> - — - .

27* - D« - - — _ .

28. - D° - — -

April 1. - D° - _ _

2. - D° - — _

3- - D° - — _

4- - D° - — _

8. - D* - — _ _ _

9- - D* - — _ _

10. - D° — 6,000 621

16. - I> - _

17- - D° - .

18. - D° - — _ _ .

22. - D° .

23- - D* - — 5,000 621

24. - D« - —

29. - D° -

30. - D° - *

Tot a l 55th Quarter ^MiS 5 2,600 - -

i of

Sums Paid.

to.391 5 —

1,841 5 —

*>*45 ——

New S° SEA ANN*.

Capital.

8,000

2,100

2,829 7 6

3,787 10 —

5.789 17 6

9,500

6,000

Price.

60 J

6of

6o|

6of

10,000

6af

3,000 624:

3,772 10 —

3* *43 15 —

32>8o© 10 —

4>oco 631

3,000

631

4,500

6,000

56,100

631

631

S° S E A 1731,

KA

Sums Paid.

Capital.

4,840 ——

1,273 2 6

5-7*3 >5

3,637 10

2,000

6,275 — —

5,000

1,882 10 —

2,530 — — 11 1,coo

1,908 15 —

2,863 2 6 *!

3,825 ——

34,758 15 —

8,oooo

by

'c

Pi ice.

6of

6*i

631

Sams Paid,

1,210 — -

1.131 5

632 10-

f973 ‘5'

Appendix.

719

NATIONAL D E B T, for a Year, ending the 31st January 1801.

Appendix (No. 11.' 19 tb Februt

CONSOLS 3-P. Ct.

Capital, Price. J Suras Paid. J Capital. Price.

I 1 ! 1 1 1 i 41,000 61* I

9,000 5-456 S — 1 14,000 64

- - - - — 1 31,000 64

_ - - — 38*33 6« i

_ - - — 41,000 61?-

O O q Sof 9'°93 *5 — j 25,500 6i|

20,550 12,407 1 3 12,0c 0 64

26,000 6o£ , S>73° 15,000 64

14,000 6c| 8>5°S 22,000 l 6 4

11,000 6of 6,696 5 — 27,000 61* 1

*27,000 6c| 16,368 15 — 1 15,000 64

5,000 611 3,087 10 — 33,500 64

21,500 6 2l 13,410 12 6 20,000 62f

13,000 6zl 8,io3 15 — 24,000 63

8,000 62i 5,000 — — 26,000 63i i

27,000 (531 *7*°53 *5 — i 14,000 63|

31,000 63 iC>3 19*545 -

41,500 «=f i 26,053 iS — 1 -

40,000 62f 25,150 — j - ~

3G5®o 62§ 19,805 iz 6; -

41,500 25,989 7 6 i ] - -

40,000 64 25 °5° - " "

36,500 62} 22.903 15 — ji _ "

40,000 63,62 \i j 25.176 5 — - -

38,000 62-1 23,892 IO -

40,000 63 25,200 -

39,500 63i 25.033 2 6 " '

40,600 63* 25,7H

39,500 631 24,983 15 — ~ —

35,600 6-'1 22,569 15 — - " -

39,700 i 25,290 "

40,500 63| 25,768 a 6 - "

39,400 63* 25,117 10 — I

40,000 641 25,720 ji

39,cco 64* 25,057 *o — i

31,800 20,272 IO —

40,000 63i 25,550 1 ' "

40,000 64 25,600 I - - 1

40,000 ^4> 63^ f 25'57° 5 — i

31,500 53i 2o;o3i 5 — j 5,000 62f

36,000 631 22,995

41,500 63 8 26,508 2 6 i| __

35>5C0 63i 22,675 ia 6 J ‘ '

41,110 «3l 26,207 12 6 !! . _ t 1 1

1,268,261 VOL. 56* 800.368 1 3 'i ;j 404*33° i l

0 U C E D. IMPERIAL 3-P. Ct. < :r.

Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. 1 CAPITAL nail the STOCKS. Total CASH Paid.

25>H« 5 — 41,000 25,141 5 —

8,575 1,000 59§ 596 5 — 41,000 25,01815 —

18,987 IO - 41,000 25,03710 —

23)572 19 — Sco 59s 479 41,230 25,325 1 6

25,215 - - ‘ - — 41,000 25.2,5

15,618 I5 1,000 59b 596 5 — 4*500 25,308 15 —

7*335 - - - — 42,050 25,465 16 3

9,168 15 — 1,500 59i 892 10 — 42,500 25,79! 5 —

r3'53° - 42,000 25,672 10 —

16,621 5 1,010 59f 604 14 9 42,010 25,763 9

9,168 15 - — 42,000 25,537 10 —

20,915 1,000 6o| 606 5 — 41,500 *S>853 t5 —

12,575 - 4* >500 25,985 1a 6

15,120 - 41,500 26,058' 2 6

16,436 5 —: 1,090 6ii I 670 2 6 4*090 25,893 17 6

8,925 - 41,000 25,968 15 —

— 1,100 6xf 680 12 6 41,200 26,015 10 —

- - - - — 41,500 26,053 >5 —

1,200 739 1° — 41,200 25,889 10 —

- -' - - — 41,500 26,080 12 6

- . 41,500 25,989 7 6'

_____ 1,200 6i| 739 10 — 41,200 25,789 10 —

1 - 41,500 26,035 — —

j 1,100 680 12 6 41,100 25,856 17 6

__ j - I 41,000 25»775 *

_ j 1,200 6ii 742 10 — 1 41,200 25,942 10 —

! 1,100 6zi 686 2 6 1 40,600 25»7i9 5 —

_ — 40,600 25,714

i 1,100 1 625 683 7 6 40,600 25,667 2 6

| _ — 1 40,600 25*732 5 —

1,100 64 688 17 6 40,800 25,978 17 6

_ — 40,500 25,768 2 6

1,1C0 . 64 6S8 17 6 40,500 25,806 7 6

_ _ — 40,000 25,700 — —

1 1,088 63I 5 689 12 6 j 40,088 a5i747 6

1 - - _ ' — ! 40,800 25'953 >5 —

— 40,000 25,550

_ _ _ — 40,000 25,600 —

_ _ — 40 000 25.57° 5 —

3*H3 *5 " - 41.000 41.000 26,088 2 6 26,138 15 —

«... j 41,500 26,508 2 6

_ 1 41,50° 26,500 12 6

— - 41,110 26,207 12 6

12 50,049 4 — 18,688 - - 11,46414 9 i>S°7>973 1*134*415

- by

1801.

idix,

n.)

bruary.

1 Dr. Old S° SEA ANN*. New S° SE

1800. 15th YEAR. , Total JASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price.

April May 2. To Quarterly I flue -99 and 96 Ann5 - - Unclaimed and Expd D* - Short Annuities - - Dividends - - - - Loans ----- - - Imperial Loan - - By Stock bought t 250,000 — — j 3,720 3 7 43.597 — 7 12,500 — 204,40314 9 582,736 6 11 9»*73 5 — 21,000 62* 13.177 IO —

6. . *- D° - — -

7* - - D° — 2,000 63 1,260 6,000 631

8. - - D° - — 3,000 64

9- - - D‘ - -

13- - - D® — 9,000 63 5,670 - -

14. - - EH ——

i5- - - D° - -

l6. - - D» — 10,000 62J 6,287 IO — - -

20. - - D* - - - — ‘ -

21. - - D® ——

23- - - D® ——

27. - - D® - -

28. - - D® — - - . - — -

30. - - D» - — 3,900 631

June 5. - - D® - -

6. - - D® - -

IO. - - D® — 9,000 63 5,670 - -

12. - - D" - -

% ,3*| - - D" ' - — 10,000 62J 6,275 -

*7- - - D« - -

18 1 . - D* — 10,000 62 £ 6,275 - -

19. - - D® ——

20. Do 3,000 62! 1,875 - -

25- - . D» ——

26. - - D» — 3,000 621 1,882 IO -

*7- - - D® — 3,000 6J 1,890 -

July 1. - - D® _ _ . „ 1 — _ -

2 - - D" — 5,000 631 3>i8i 5 — - -

3- - - D® - — -

4- - . D® — 2,000 631 1,272 10 — - -

8. - - D" - — 2,200 63I

9 - - D» ——

10. - - D® - — - - .

11. D° — 6,500 63^ 4,127 10 — - -

J5 - - D® - — 3,400 62|

16. - - D® ——

17- - . D° ——

18. - - D» — - - — 5,oco 63I

22. . - - D> -

23 . - - D® — 2,000 64! 1,290 - -

*4 . - - D° — 2,000 6Si 1,305 - -

29 ... Do ——

3C >. - D° -

31 . - - D° -

Total 56th Quarter - jl, 116,130 IO I< 0 97,500 1- . 1 61,438 15 — 23>5°° - -

y j; A £t, Th» Annual Account of the Commissioners

S° SEA 1751

Sums Paid.

Capital. Price. Sunn Pjid.

*>49» 2

2,000

1,000 63J 637 10 —

1,277 'o -

63* >.388 S -

2,129 5 —

3,162 10 —

14,92+ 2 6

Appendix. 721

t: :X'|or the Reduction ot* die National Debt — continued.

*~r I' '

r 1-:, coNSOLS yP. Ct. 1 yP' Cent. REDUCED. 1M PERIAL 3-P. Ct. 0.

ct, , Cii'ital. P/icr. Sums Pdd. Capital. Price. Sums Paid* Capital. Price. Sums Paid. CAPITAL in all the STOCKS. Total CASH Paid.

1 1 1 1 1 b 17,coo 63* 1 - 10,822 IO — I j jl 1,000 6* * 613 i5 — 1 1 39,000 / 24,613 15

| . 36'500 64 -5.360 j c.oco 63+ 1,265 - 38,50° 24.625 r-

I 30,800 64 ‘9-7 12 - 500 6«t 308 2 6 39,300 25,112 12 6

36,000 6.:; 23.CS5 1 - - - — 1 - " - - — 39.QOO 25,005 — -

j _ 3S,so-> 64; I 24,3:7 10 — 1 j 1 ' — I,coo J 6l6 5 — 39,000 24,983 >5 -

1 _ 25.040 ! 63v 1 ? '"V'4 6 — 1 1 5,000 6 3 J 3.«S6 5 - — 39040 24,820 n —

_ 38,50° 64 2.[ .0^.0 - - - — 500 6i£ 307 IO — 39,000 24.947 -10 —

1 34lCOO hi 21.71? 10 1 5,000 63: 3.i>6 5 - — 39,000 24,873 15 —

1 28,000 63} l7.Z:o 1 - - — 1,000 61l 613 j5 — 39,000 2+751 5 —

39,000 634 2 4.86 2 iO — j - - - — 39,000 24,862 IO —

1 33,000 631 21,057 10 — 1 5, cco 63 3,150 1,000 6i| 612 10 — 39,000 24,^00

! _ 38,50° ^3t 24,591 17 6 ! 1 " - - - — 500 6ll 306 17 6 39,000 24,898 IJ — *

30,000 64 1 l^'iOO — 7>oco hi 4,427 10 - — 39,000 24,905

: l\3M°3 3i -i>354 5 — ! 5,000 63 J- 3,i56 5 — 1,000 6,{ 615 39.400 25,105 IO —

. - - - 1 34»oooo 63 21,420 1,000 6,f 613 15 — 38,900 24,524 17 6

- — 1: 39,coo 6sf 24,521 5 — - - — 39,000 24,521 5 —

- - - j 39.000 63i- 24,6l8 I5 500 306 17 6 39^500 24,925 12 6

6:| " - - - - 29,000 hi 18,306 5 - - - — 39,000 24,613 15 —

- - - - — I j 39»oooo 1 63 24>57° ! - 39,000 24,570

' ' - - - - I j 29,000 6-f i8,c33 *5 — 5 00 61 i 306 17 6 39,500 24,815 12 6

- - I 39.COO 62^ 24,521 5 - 39,000 24,521 5 —

1 - - — 1 29 OOOO 6*f 18,233 15 — 500 6ii 306 5 — 39,500 248'5

-- - - - I ! 3 9. coo 1 62I 24,521 5 - — 39,000 24.521 5 —

- - - - j 1 [ 36.000 62- 22,545 500 611 305 12 6 39,500 24,725 12 6

1 - . 1 — j ! 41,000 62k I 25,627 10 — 500 61 305 41,500 25,932 10 —

* 1 1 - - — j 56 oco 6=5 6j| 22,655 - 39,000 ' 34.537 »o —

' . 1 - ! 35*5°P ! 1 A, 1 1 2 22,480 500 6ii 309 7 6 39,000 24,679 7 6

- — 39,000 hi i 24,816 5 — - - — 39,000 74,816 5 —

I - - j 33.500 63 I 2I>3?6 5 — j 500 62 3IO — 39,000 24,847 10 —

1 ‘ - - 39. cco hi 24,862 10 — ' - 39,000 24,862 10 —

- 1 - - - — ! 36,500 6 3i 23,268 15 — 1 500 62 i 310 12 6 39,000 24,851 17 6

' 6,500 63l 4,n9 7 6 30,000 63 s' 19 162 10 - — 38,700 24,670 12 6

- ' 4)0oo hi 2,550 34,000 64 21,760 500 6zl 311 17 6' 38,500 24,601 17 6

' J5>4oo 6ji 22 390 10 — j 3,000 63i - I,9*6 5 - — 38,400 24,306 15 — .

] 27,000 63 17,010 j 5,000 hi 3,i81 5 — 500 62 i 311 5 — 39,000 24,630

1 " 17,600 6:4 11,044 18, oco h: 11,407 10 - — 39,000 24,580 15 —

.1 1 " j8,$C0 63 2.1,255 - - - — 500 6z\ 311 17 6 39,000 24,566 17 6

.1 1 " '5,000 hi 9,468 15 — 24,000 634 1-,-00 - 39,000 24,768 15 —

1 -1 " !3^co 63 i x4»57^ 5 — 10,500 6+ 6,720 500 62J 313 2 6 ' 39,000 24.771 >7 6

1 " '8,500 18,204 7 6 10. coo 641 6,450 - 38,500 24,654 7 6

- " *3>°oo 64. 14,720 — 12,500 8,078 2 6 700 444 10 — 38,200 24,532 12 6

- -| 16,000 hi1 10,362 10 — 20 OOOO hi 'y°7$ - - — 38,000 24,742 IO —

1 j 1,500 6ft 97i 5 — 37,000 hi 24 096 5 - — 38,500 25,067 10 —

m - - — 38,500 hi 25.073 2 6 643 64* i 412 10 — 39*43 M cn DO ON

- j 1 '>-742 64J 1,130 2 4 37,000 hi I 24,233 12 6 - 38,742 25,363 14 IO

1 ^>.482 VOL, 56. 413-357 — 10 921,000 585,322 7 6 I4.S43 9,73 5 — ! s: ‘.755.3=5 X 17116,130 10 10

*t,. Geo. Ilf.

Appendix*

(No. 11.)

I gtb Febr.

continued\

722

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. ii.)

19 lb February

continued\

Dr.

1800.

July.] To Quarterly Issue

- 99 and 96 Ann*

- Dividends -

- Loans -

- Imperial Loan

Aug* 5-| By Stock bought

7-.| n

*4 >5 *9 so.

SI 22 s6.

*7

28. 29

Sep* 3 4-

5 9

10.

11.

12. 16.

*7 18

*9

23

24

25

26 30.

oa* 1.

2.

3 7 8.

9-10,

H J5

16.

!7 21. 22 *3 24

29

30

3*

D°

D°

D°

D°

D*

D*

D°

D*

D°

D°

D*

D°

D*

D*

D°

D°

Do

D°

D#

D°

- Do

- D°

- Do

- Do

- D*

- D*

- Do

- D°

- D°

- Do

- Do* Do

- Do

- Do

- Do

- D°

- Do

- D°

- Do

- L»

- Do

- Do

- D°

- Do

- D°

- Do

- Do

4. 1801J

15 th YEA R. — The Annual Account of the CommifiJ

Total 57th Quarter -

Old' S° SEA ANN*. New $ >° SE/ i \ A N N*. 1 1 i 1 — S' SEA

Total 5H Received. Capital. Price. 1 Sums Paid. Capital. Price, Sums Paid. j I \ Capital. Price.

0,000 — — *

J>7zo 3 7 34,218 1 6 13,942 — t ! i i 1

11,976 18 7 65i

— 8,000 5,220 — —

— 15,000 6Si 9,787 IO — - - ~ * "

— - * "

— - *

_ " I — - - - " 64i

... - - - - 1 — 3,000 64$ 1,927 10 »- 1 1,000


- - - "

_ 4,000 _ 64 I M9S - -

_ _ -

' - - _

m _ _

— - - - I "

_ -

" - 1

- 6,500 65 4,225 2,500 *4i 1,606 5 —; - - "

_ - — 2,000 6+i

— - " I

- - . I — 10,000 6S 6,500 — — - - " -

«. - . I — 3,500 64i 2,253 2 6 -

H . - - - — 2,000 651 1,507 10 — 1,500 65i




— - 7,000 4,506 5 — - -

— - . - . - — I _ . - -

—: - - — 1,000 65 \ 652 10 — 2,000 651

— - - — 4,000 65 2,600 — — - - m *

— 20,000 *3i 12,675 - -

— - - - 1 1 15,000 64* 9,618 15 —

— 2,000 1,265 ——

— - -


" " ——

i.'93.857 3 < ? S5»5°° - - 35,767 10 — 48,000 - - 30,971 17 6 6,500 - -

Sums Pali

642 |0 J

L285 -

1,305

4>2I3

Vji

for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

CONSOLS 3-P. Ct. 3-P. Ct. REDUCED. IMPERIAL 3-P. Ct. cv

Sums Paid. Capital. CAPITAL Total

Capital. Price. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. iri all the STOCKS. CASH Paid.

5,°°° 64* 3,237 10 — 24,000 65i 15,690 j7,oooo 24,147 to —

15,000 64? 9.731 5 — 7,000 6Si 4,576 5 — 700 64| 451 10 — 37*700 24,546 10 —

- - - — 37.0C0 6Si 24,142 IO - — 37»oooo 24,142 IO

- - - — 37,000 6S 24,050 700 64 448 37*700 24,498

- - - — 37,oco 6S 24,050 700 631 447 6 37*700 44,497 2 6

- - - — 33,000 65 21,450 - 37.000 24,020 — —

- - - — 37,000 65 24,050 700 64 448 37700 24,498

- - - — 37,coo 641 24,003 15 - 37,000 24,003 15 —

- - - — 33,000 6j 21,450 700 64 448 37.700 *4.493

- - - — 37,000 64* 24,003 15 - — 37,000 ±4,003 15 —:

- - - — 37,°oo 64f 24,003 15 — 700 6si 447 6 37,700 ±44jo 17 6

I $,000 63i 9,562 IO — 22,000 64| 14,162 IO - w 37,000 *3*7*5 *

2,000 *4* 1,292 IO — 35,000 6Si 22,837 10 — 700 64 448 37,700 24,578

- — 28,000 65i ,8,235 - 37,000 24,066 5 —

4,000 2,580 — — 31,000 65 f 20,188 15 — 700 631 447 6 37,700 24,500 17 6

4,000 6S# 2,615 32,000 66 21,120 — 700 45* 7 6 36,700 24,187 7 6

27,000 *5i 17.S83 »s - — 37,000 24,083 ,5 —

33,000 21,285 - - - — 700 6ii 446 5 ~ 37,200 23,984 7 6

33»5oo 6 si 21,942 10 - 37,000 24,230 12 6

37,000 24,188 15 - 700 64* 45* 7 6 37,700 ±4,641 2 6

37,000 24,281 5 - 37,000 24,281 5 —

37,000 65f 24,235 - - - — 700 64i 452 7 6 37,700 24,687 7 6

37>oco 65* 24,188 15 - — 37,000 24,188 15 —

37,000 65i 24,188 15 - — 700 64* 451 10 — 37,700 24,640 5 —

3°i5°° 64^ 19.672 10 - — 37,500 24,178 15 —

37»5°° 641 24,328 2 6 j - - - — 700 64 448 38,200 24,776 2 6

38,000 6-ii 24,557 10 — j - 38,000 *4*557 10 —

37,000 6si 24,096 ' - - - — 700 64! 449 15 — 37.700 24,546

34,500 65* 22.554 7 6 - 37.5°° 24,511 17 6

37>c°° 6si 24-3S - - - — 700 641 45* 7 6 37,700 24,687 7 6

37.°°° 66 24,420 - — 37,000 24,420 — —

36,500 6 6* 24,135 12 6 - 700 64* 456 15 — 37,200 24,592 7 6

37,coo 6jf 24*35 - - — 37,000 44,235

37*oooo 6Si 24,lS8 15 - - - — 700 64| 452 7 6 37,700 24,641 2 6

33.50° ^5 s' 21,816 17 6 1 - - - — 37-500 24,416 17 6

37.000 6-ii 23»9! 1 5 — - - 800 63? 5°9 37,800 24,420 5 —

38,000 64 24,557 10 - — 38,000 24,557 10 —

32,000 64i 20,560 - 5,306 631 i 3,368 18 7 37,3o6 23,928 18 7

- — 39,000 631 24,667 10 - 39,000 24,667 10 —

- - — 38,000 63* 24,035 - - - — 38.000 *4*3S

- - — 3 8,000 63* 24,130 - 38,000 24,130

3,coo 641 l>931 S — 16,coo 631 10,160 - — 39,000 / 24,766 5 —

10,000 64 i 643710 — 13,000 «3t 8,255 - 38,000 *4*3" S —

24,000 641 15,420 — — 12,000 63i 7,605 - - - - 38,000 24,290 — —

34,000 64* 64! 21,767 10 — 4,000 631 2,530 - 38,090 24,297 IO —

21,000 63* i U) 00 N 0 1 17,000 621 10,667 10 - — 38,000 24,040 — —

39»°°o 63i ~ *4,91» s - - — 39»oooo 24,911 5 __

36,009 64 63i 23,010 15 2 3,coo 63 1,890 — — - - j. - — 39,009 24,000 ij 2

670 63I i 427 5 — 37>325 63 23»S!4 *5 — * - — 37*995 *3,942

993*679 - - 645*459 5 72Ii3*5 - - 465,468 10 — 18,706 1 W 1 11,976 18 7 1,843,710 M93.8S7 3

Apr snj (Nc,!; 19/ h j Vi-

Vol. 56.

724

Appendix.

1801.

15th YEAR — The Annual Account of the Commissioners

D'. Old S° SE

1800. 15th YEAR. Total CASH Received. CapitaJ. Price.

To Quarterly Issue - - - 250,000 — —

Additional Issue - 200,000

- 99 and 96 Ann* - - - !3;720 3 7

- Short Ann* - - - - 12,500 — —

- Dividends - - - 214,240 1 10

- Loans - - - - 623,954 19 11

- Imperial Loan - - - 9>173 5 —

Novr 6. By Stock bought - -

7- - - D° ——

11. - - D° - — -

12. - - D* - - *

*3 - - D° - ' — - -

»+ - - D* ——

18. - - D° - — -

19 - - D° - — -

20. - - D° ——

21. - - D° ——

*s- - - D° - — - _

26. - - Do 1 — - -

2 7- D1 - — 2,700 6.1*

28. - - D° - - , - -

Deer 2. - - D° - — _ _ _ _

3- D° - — - . _

4- - Do ' . ——

5‘ - - D° - — 2,000 6,i

9* - - Do - — .

10. - - D° - — .

11. - - DJ - — .

12. - - Do - —

16. - - D° . —

,7* - - Do - — .

18. - - D° — .

*9- - - D° - — 10,000 6lff

23. - - D° - — 2,000 6if

24. - - D° — 9,000 61}

30. - - Do - —

3i* - - D® - — -

1801.

Jar./ 2. - - Do - — .

7- - D° - — m _

8. - Do -

9- - Do - — .

,3* - - D° - —

,4* - - Do - — -

x5* - - D° - — _

16 - - D° - 0 .

20. - - D° - —

21. - - D° - -

22. - - D°

23 _ _ D°

27 - - Do _ j 3)c°o ' 5^£

28 _ „ Do 1

29. - - Do 7>cco 57

1 ~ -

57th Quarter ,'323-5i>8 10 4 35.700

- I.193--57 3 9 55>5°o

56th J> . - . - ON O O O 97.5oo

55th D° - - - - j I,34.415 52.6oo

Total 15th Year - 4,767,991 4 , 241,300 "

Sums Paid.

1,717 17 6

1,23; ——

6,137 10 — 1,225 ----- ---- j

5 >S3 5 ——

‘>743 *5 3.990 —

al, S^4 2 6

35.767 10 — 61,438 15 — 32,800 10 —

,51>S9° 17 6

New S" SEA ANN".

Capital.

Trice.

1,400

7,000

10,000

2,000

64!

64I

57s

57}

Sums Paid.

899 10 — 4,506 5 —

S* SEA 175,.

Capital.

Price.

Sums Paid.

1,500

6 ii

5*762 10 576 5

928 2 6

19.400

48,000

23,5°°

56,100 14 7,000

11,744 10 — 3o»9/i 17 6 14,924 2 6

34,758 15 —

92,399 5 __

1.500

6.500

3.000

8.000

19,000

928 2 6

4,213 2 6

1,915 — -4*973 lS ~ 12,050 ——

4i Geo. III. Appendix. 72$

f0. uieRciiu u n of the National Debt — continued.

CONSOLS 3-P. Ct. 3-P- Ct. REDUCED. IMPERIAL 3-P. Ct. c*.

j CAPITAL Total

Ca.ital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid* in all the STOCKS. CASH Paid.

4So°° 64i 29,290 12 6 ' 4S»50° 29,290 12 6

2,000 64? 20.600 — — 13, COO 63; 8,*7> 5 — 600 62} 375 45,600 29,246 5 — *

36,000 645 23,>30 — — 10,000 63I 6,350 - - - — 46,000 29,480 — —

46,000 6+. 63I 29.418 15 - 600 6l I 37° 1° — 46,000 29,789 5 —

46,000 «♦ 29,440 - 46,000 29,440 — —

36,500 63* 23,268 15 — 9,000 63 5,670 700 6if 431 7 6 46,600 29,370 6

32,000 64* 20,600 — — 13,500 63* 8,589 7 6 - - - - T- 45>5°° 29,189 7 6

4S»S°° 64* 29,290 12 6 - 700 435 >5 — 46,200 29,726 7 6

4°>S79 64{ 26,122 14 7 5,000 «3f 3,175 - 45*579 29,*97 1+ 7

- - - - — 45*57° 63* 28,993 18 3 700 6zi 435 *5 " 46,27° *9,429 13 3

- - - — 45,coo 63t 28,631 5 - — 46,400 29,530 15 —

34,000 64} 21,887 10 — 11,500 63* 7,316 17 6 600 62i 374 5 ~ 46,100 *9.578 12 6

31 ,oco 64* ,9995 5,03° 63* 3,206 12 6 - - — 45*73° 29,425 15 — .

25.3*0 64 16,192 — — 20,000 63* 12,650 — — 700 62 J 434 >7 6 46,000 *9.276 17 6

18,200 62* 11,420 10 — 29, OCO 62 17.980 - - — 47,200 29,400 10

- - - - — 46,000 62* 28,577 10 — 600 61 36 6 — — 46,600 28,943 10 —

- - - - — 47,000 6*i 29,257 10 - 47,000 29,257 10 —

m - - , — 45,000 6 27.843 >5 ~ 60O 6ii 364 10 — 47,600 *9*443 5 — -

- - - - — 47,5°° 6*r 29,271 17 6 - 47*500 29,27! 17 6

- - - — 1 48,000 6of 29,185 600 59* 357 48,600 29,542

- - - - — ] 46,500 6t* 61 28,391 17 6 - 48,000 29,320 — —

- - -. — 47»5°° 61 28,975 700 S9i 417 7 6 48,200 *9.392 7 6

- - - - — 48,000 61* 29,400 - - — 48,000 29,400

- - - - — 47,000 6*t 28 905 600 60 360 - 47,600 29,265 — —

- - - — 48,000 6*1 29,580 - - -- - — 48,000 29,580 — —

- - - - — 37,000 6>| 22.755 600 60 360 — — 47,600 29,252 10 —

‘ " - - - . — 46,000 6.H 28,245 - — 48,000 29,470

- - - - — 38,000 6rf 23*39* 5 ~ 600 60* 360 15 — 47.600 29,287

- - - - — 47,000 6>i 29,081 5 - — 47,000 29,081 5 —

- - — 47>QC° 61* 29,022 10 — 600 6of 363 47,600 *9.385 10 —

- - - - — 47,coo 61* 29,022 10 — 600 60J 363 47,600 29,385 10 —

- - - — 47,000 62* 29,280 — — 600 6i* 366 15 — 47,600 29,6*46 15 —

- - - - — 46,500 6*f 29,120 12 6 - - - . - — 46.50° 29,120 12 6

- - 46,500 62* 29,062 10 — 600 368 5 — 47,100 29,430 15

- - - — 47,000 62* 29,257 10 - — 47,000 29,257 10 —

m - - - — 47,000 62* 29,257 10 — 6cd 6ij 366 15 — 47,600 *9,624 5 —

- 5,000 .6of 3,043 15 ~ 42,00c 6*1 i 25,848 15 - — 47,000 28,892 10 —

- - - — 47»5°° 61* 29,153 2 6 600 59* 358 10 — 48,100 *9,511 12 6

- 9,000 $9 5»310 . 41,000 59* 24,446 5 - — 50,000 29,756 5 _

- 19,500 s*i 11,480 12 6 30,000 59s 17,850 800 58* 466 50,300 *9,796 12 6

- 15, COO 57* 8,662 10 — 26,000 58* >5*53 *5 " - 51,000 29,578 15 —

4,000 5 7* 2,305 42,000 S 24,465 1,000 57 S7o 51,000 29,660 — —

4S,oooo 57* *5-756 5 — 7,000 57* 4,042 IO - - - — 52,000 29,798 15 —

- 44,000 56* 57t *4«9°8 15 - — 9°S 56i 56 5°7 17 6 51,905 29,406 12 6

1S>8 41 57s 20,625 13 6 15,024 58* 8*73* 14 - — 50.865 29.358 7 6

645,9*° - - 402,749 — 7 11,423,624 - 877,409 9 9 *5,2°s - - 9»*73 S — 2,141,349 1,323,588 16 4

;: 993-679 " 645 459 5 j 721,325 - " 465,468 10 — 18,706 - - 11,976 18 7 1,843,710 >.>93.857 3 9

rj ' 695,48a - 443-357 — 10 i 921,000 - - 585,322 7 6 *4.843 - 9*73 5 — >>755.325 1,116,130 10 10

>,*68*60 800,368 I 3 j 404.33° - - 250,049 4 — 18.688 - 11,464 14 9 1,807,978 1,134,415

V *i*9‘-933 7 >° 3 470,279 !j. - 2,178,249 11 3 67,442 - - 41,788 3 4 7,548,362 4'767,991 4 >1

VOL. 56.

Appendix (No. 11.; igtb Februt

continued.

Appendix, (No. ix.)

lytb February.

continue d.

15th Y E AR. — The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — concluded.

SALARIES: Secretary, per Annum - - - ... £. t. (/. 5C0 —

Agent ----- ---- 3OO

Broker ----- ---- \ 1 1 O U-\ C/"\

Clerk - ICO

Messenger - -- -- - 50

EXPIRED ANNUITIES ON TERMS: Expired Terms 79,880 — —

UNCLAIMED AND EXPIRED ANNUITIES: Unclaimed and Expired Annuities - 40,000

ACCRUING INTEREST: Accruing Interest ----- -- i>573>5»9 >3 6

Henry Addington. <lbo' IValke

Sent Thornton.

Job Mathezv

Appendix, (No. 12.) 19th February.

.AMOUNT of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties on Income, granted per Act 39 Geo. in Cap. 13 Outstanding and Undischarged ——

Amount of Duties on Income remaining in the Exchequer, and of the Sums estimated to be received, applicable to the Payment of the above Exchequer Bills.-

Deficiency

1,662,200

562,200

£. 1,100,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, J the 19th Day of February 1801. }

Charles Long.

AMOUNT of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties of Customs on Goods Imported and £,

Exported, granted per Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76. Outstanding and Uudischarged ----- - 298,600

Amount of Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and of the Sums estimated to be received, applicable to the Payment of

the above Exchequer Bills.....-..... 48,600

Deficiency - - - £. 250.000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 the 19th Day of February 1801. J

Charles Long.

o

A M O U NT of Exchequer Bills raised per Acts 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33. on the Credit of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1800, Outstanding and Undischarged ——

Amount of Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and of the Sums estimated to be received, applicable to the Payment of the above Exchequer Bills ——

Deficiency - -

Whitehall..Treasury Chambers, 7 the 19th Day of February 1801. 3

Charles Long.

c-

6.915.100

2.915.100 . 4,000,000

41 G EO. III.

*« t '

Appendix;

727

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America; from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1801.

Appendix,

(No. 13)

13dFebruary.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - - - - m - - - .

Chief Justice - -- -- -....

Attorney General....

Solicitor General ——

Two Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, each £. 750. ——

Clerk of the Crown and Pleas.....- . - - -

Two Sheriffs, at £.100. each * -

Secretary and Register

Clerk of the Council ——

Receiver General of the Revenues ——

Five Executive Councillors, each £. 100. ....

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Naval Officer -

Salary of the Bishop's Commissary ——

Temporary Allowance for Four Clergymen ——

Allowance to the Widow of Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, late Governor of the Bermudas, in Reward of his firm and judicious Conduct, and able Services, tt the Myamis, and in Consideration of her flraitened Circ urn fiances; per Annum ——

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent ——

I-

2,000 ——

1,100 ——

3OO — -

ICO ——

1,500 ——

loo - —

200 -

300 ——

IOO ——

200 — -

500 ——

3OO —

100 ——

150 — -400 — —

150 — —

250 — — 200 -- —

7,950 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of NoVa Scotia, in AMEkicA; from the

ifl of January to the 31st December 1801.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - - - 4....

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - - - - v -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer - - - - -

Allowance to a Bishop ——

Ditto to Ministers ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England ——

To the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimates ——

To the Reverend Dr. Brown, late Minister of the Presbyterian College at Halifax, until otherwise provided for -To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, td cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the House of Assembly -Mrs. Cottnam's Annuity ——

Allowance to Superintendant of Fishery ——

An additional Missionary in Nova Scotia, at £.50 per Annum -

Allowance on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent ——

Allowance for a Vessel employed in the Service of the Superintendant of Trade and Fisheries -

c ' a

1,000 — — 850 — —

150 ——

250 — — 100 — —

150 ——

50 —

700 — —

9 % —

75 —

100 — —

75 ——

100 — —

100 — —

200 — —

5° ——

200 — — 200 — — 600 — —

5>9*5 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America;

from the 24th June 1801 to the 31st December 1801.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Three Assistant Judges at £.300 per Annum, each -Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia's Commissary at New Brunswick Allowance on Account, for Contingencies -

Agent ----- ----- T

C / <*-

520 10 nf 260 5 si 468 9 lof

130 2 8i 52 1 I

78 1 7i 416 8 9

78 1 7z 260 5 5x 78 1 7 2

2,420 10 10

Vol. 5

Appendix, (\'o. ,3.) i yh February, continued.

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Tfland of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward Island; from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1801.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ....

Chief Justice....

Attorney General - . - 4 *

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - - ....

Naval Officer - -....

Provost Marshal ——

Minister ——

Sutveyor General....

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown, and Coroner, until otherwise provided for ——

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council ----- Ditto....

Allowance on Account of Pees on the Receipt and Audit....

Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent - - ' ~ . ——

c

C * *-

500 — — 300 — —

IOO — —

iso ——

100 — — I

IOO — —

70 ——

100 — — .

9° ——

60 —

100 — — i3o — —

IOO ---- —

1,900 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America; from the 24th June 1801 to the 31st December 1801.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor *

Chief Justice -

Attorney General -»

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Minister - -

Surveyor General -Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal....

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster -

Allowance upon Account, for Contingencies -

Agent....

& / j.

260 s si

156 3

52 1 I

7« 1 7*

5* 1 1

S* 1 1

5* 1 t

5a 1 1

20 16 Si

104 2 H

78 1 7i

957 6 I

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America; from the 1 ft of April 1801 to the 31 ft of December 1801.

Salary of the Governor ——

Governor's Secretary ——

Judge of the Admiralty - -- -- --....

Naval Officer ——

Allowance to the Missionary at Saint John's ——

Allowance to the Sheriff, at 1 or. per Diem ——

Allowance to Two additional Missionaries at Newfoundland* at £.50 per Annum each ——

Allowance on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit.-

Agent ——

For completing the building of the New Church ——

Mr. D'Ewes Coke, (late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court) for Arrears of One Year's Salary to June 1798, when he was conftraioed, from his ill State of Health, to resign the said Office.

376

>37

150

75

37

>37

75

75

75

200

300

/. d*

T4 "

10 —

13 8|

6 K>

>3 5 10 —

6 for 6 10 6 10

1.641 8

Si

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bah ama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame; from 1 ft January to 31st December 1801.

Additional Salary to the Governor ----- ---....

Salary of the Chief Justice - - - ....

Two Assistant Judges at ^.200 per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ....

Attorney General ——

Provost Marshal - -- .....-

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Minister ——

Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthra ——

Three Missionaries at the other Islands, at £. 70. each ——

Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself, and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long

Sufferings and Services of her late Husband Edmund Rush Wegg, late Attorney General....

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government

Allowance for Contingencies . r

Agent .....-....

800 — —

400 — — 150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

70 ——

70 ——

210 — —

150 ——

700 — v — 300 — — 150 ——

4,100 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somer's Islands, from

24th June 1801 to 31st December 1801.

Salary of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt -

£ * J-260 s Si 41 12 lof

Appendix, (No. 13.)

0.3d February,

continued.

301 18

4*

ISLAND of Dominica: — Estimateof the Civil Establishment from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1801.

For the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island

£. 600 — —

To cease, when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the loth Day of

October- 1800 to the 31st Day of December 1801.

Salary of the Governor - - - - u

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Com miliary ——

Provoii Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary ——

Clergyman at Sydney ——

Ditto - - at Paramatta and Hawkfbury ——

Surgeon -

Three Mates, at £.91. 5 /. each

Afnilant -

Surveyor of Lands ——

Boat Builder -

Two Deputy Commissaries of Stores -

Two adduional Clerks to the Comminary, at £. 60 per Annum each

Two Assistant Store Keepers -

Nine Superintendants of Convids, at £. 50 per Annum each -

Norfolk Island.

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island

Clergyman -

Surgeon ——

Deputy Commissary of Stores ——

One Store Keeper ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Three Superintendants of Convids, at ^.50 per Annum each -1 One Master Carpenter -

One Beach Matter and Pilot ——

Deputy Judge Advocate, at 8/. per Diem ——

Proved Marshal ——

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in Consideration of his meritorious Services Allowance to Mr. White, late Surgeon - -

Upon Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit - -

Agent.....-....

£-1,227 224 448 112 112 20 224 179 224 336 61 224 112 224 158 122 55i

d*

7i

4 —

6

*9

>4

18

91

ioi

306 16 uf *7 *5 9 >59 >3 >£ 112 — — 61 6 6\

112 — — 183 19 7§ 49 1 61 6 6*

>79 4 — 8$ 18 t 613 13 io£ 1 12 — —

*45 9 7

>84 3 — f

7,146 ——

ESTIMATE of the Trobable Amount of Bills expected in the course of the Year 1801, from or on Account of

New South Wales.

The Probable Amount of the Bills expected during the course of the present Year 1801, from or on Account of New ^outh Wales, for the Expenditures of that Colony, and Norfolk Island, exdufive of the Estimate of their Civil Establishment

Whitehall, . 1 16th February 1801. J

J. King,

£. 25,000.

Vo L. 56.

8 Z

f73°

' Appendix.

j4. 1801(

Appendix,

(No. ij.)

23^ F:bruar\\

continutd.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superinten dance of Aliens, according to the Provisiofls of an Act, paUcd in the y.',th Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 18 !.

Superintendant of Aliens, Clerks, and Affiihnts -

Agents at the different Ports, with their Extra Bills -

Office Keeper, Necefiary Woman, and Three Messengers, at 6 s. per Diem

House Rent, Taxes, Coals, and Candles ——

Stationary and Printing ——

Expence of fending Aliens out of the Kingdom, including Messengers Bills Secret Agents ——

Contingencies -....

Whitehall, 1

January 1801. j

Total Amount to be provided for the Year 1801 - - - £

£ X. J.

1,062 16 —

458 10 —

353 — —

4CO — —

2,238 !4 2

1,300 — —

486 l9 10

7,620 — —

J. King.

N. £. — -Thus E Hi mate exceeds that of lad Year by the Sum of £.1,251, which amounts nearly to the Deduction that was made from the one given in 1799.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of the^Commission under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, Including the

Salaries of the Br itis h Commissi0ne rs, for the Year 1801.

Moiety of the Expences attending the Commission for the Year 1801, directed to be paid jointly by the Two Countries ——

Salaries of the British Commissioners for the same Period -

Sum necessary for Contingent Expences -

£. s. d

1,276 — — 2,coo — — 274 ——

3,550 ——

©owning Street, 1 January 27th, 1801. 3

Geo. Hammond\

An ESTIMATE of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, See. relating to the COIN of this

Kingdom, in the Year i8co.

Two Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 23d February 1801.

Clarks Long.

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

An ESTIMATE of the Expences likely to be incurred for Confining and Maintaining Convicts at Home, for Nind

Months, to 31st December 1801, inclusive.

On the River Thames -In Langfton and Portsraouth Harbours - - - w 11,817 25,499 8 9 17 8

£ 37.3*7 L |

Amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Thirty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Seventeen

Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence.

Appendlxj

(No. 13.)

23^ February.

continued\

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 23d February 1801. j

Charles Long.

An ESTIMATE of the Expences likely to be incurred for Printing the Journals of the House of Commons; foi* Printing and Delivering the Votes; rind for Printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons; for One Year, to the 31st December 1801 inclusive.

Ten Thoufmd Pounds.

Whitehall, Truafury Chambers 23d February 1801.

Chdrles Long.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain,

for the Year 1801.

Five Thousand Pounds.

w

hitehall, Treasury Chambers 23d February 1801.

Charles Long.

Vo !. 56.

Appendix, 71 ~

(No. 14.)

Ah A C C OM P T of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC D E B T, by the Interest of Annuities

l^th February. ^2d Section of the said Act.: And also, of the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the

1

By V 1 RT l)E of an Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. the Sum of £. 4,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793, u pon

the following Terms; vie.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.j2 contributed, to £. 100 Capital Stock £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

£- ' '

6,250,000 — —

The Annual Charge in respect of the said £. 6,250,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £. 2,812. 10/. £ s. d.

for Management, is ..... 190,312 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 6,250,000. £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to - 62,500 — —

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1801

252,812 10 — 41,447 17 6}

294,260 7 6J

By VIRTUE of an Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. 1. the Sum of £. 11,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1794* upon

the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £, 100 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

To £. 25 Capital Stock, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to And to 11 /. j d> per Ann. for 66J Years, amounting to

By VIRTUE of Two other Acts, 34 Geo. III. Cap. 21. and 56. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to he cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to £. joi Capital Stock £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

C ' 4

I 1,000,000 ——

2,750,000 — — 62,791 13 4

1,926,525 12 5

The A N N U A L C H A R G E in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; viz.

In respect of the said £. 11,000,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £. 4,950 for Management -

D° - - of the said^. 2,750,000, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, including £. 1,237. 10 s. for Management -

D° - of the said Annuity of 11 /. 5 d. per Centum, including £. 706. 8/. 1 \<i. for Management -

D° - - of the above £. 1,926,525. 12/. 5 d. £.5 per Centum Annuities, granted in Lieu of Navy and Victualling pills delivered up to be cancelled, including £. 866. i8j. 8 \d. for Management -

Gne Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 11,000,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. 111. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to ——

D° - of the said £. 2,75^,000, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D° - - - D°

D° - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 11 /. 5 d. per Centum for 66£ Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to ....

D* - - of the above £. 1,926,525. 12 /. 5 d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities - - - D° - - - Da *

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1801

£. s. d.

334,95° ——

111,237 10 —

63>498 1 Si

97,193 4 4

110,000 — — 27,500 — —

9,680 — — *9-265 5 —

773-32+ — *49-314 15 81-

922.638 16 5!

Append!*,

of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13; as required by the fame; in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1801. February«

_____________________ . continual.

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the

Public Debt, created in the Year 1793:

Per Act 33 Geo. Ill,

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits - -- - Cap. 28.

D° ----- --of the Stamp Duty on Certificates issued for killing Game .--.--- D°-

D° - — of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, after deducing £. 128,600 per Annum carried to the Con-

folidated Stamp Duties

D*

Reserved out of the Duties per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. in Lieu of the Duty of £. 10 per Centum, per Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. repealed by the aforesaid Acts -

c *

85,517 -

294,260 7 6J

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of

the Public Debt, created in the Year 1794:

Per Acts 34 Geo. III.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits -D* ----- of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits

D° - - - of the Duties on Foreign Spirits ——

D° - - - of the Duties on Sugar - - D°

D° - — of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies D° - - of the Additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles -

D* — - of the Additional Duties of Customs onD°-D° -

Cap. 2.

- 3*

- 4*

- D*

- 14.

- 15.

- Do

D*--of the Duties of Excise on Paper, after deducting £. 75,000 carried to Consolidated Excise Duties - - 20.

D° — - of the Duties of Customs on Paper - -- - D°

D° - - - of the Additional Duty on Glass - - - 27.

D° - - - of die Duties on Slates and Stones ----- ----- -- 51.

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties impofrd in the Year 1794, should be added the Amount of those on Sugar received in the Year ended the 5 th of January 1801, which were granted in 1794, to defray the Annual increased Charge of the Public Deb; creared in that Year, but are now granted Annually -

£ * d*

*4>73 5 -

i73>458 — 167,802 — — 136 5 1of

21,787 ——

55,652 — — 13 l«£ 88,927 — — 781 7 ll

47428 ——

14,589 16 4

6SS»Z97 3 9i

267,341 1* 8i

Vol. 5

9 A

X

734

Appendix. 1801,

Appendix,

(No. 14

By VIRTUE of an Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. 14. the Sum of £.18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1795* upon

the following Terms; Viz.

2/^.h February.

continued.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

To £. 33. 6 t. 8 d. Capital Stock, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, amounting to ——

An ' to an Annuity of 8 s. 6d. for 65? Years, to which a further Annuity of I r. for the same Term was added, by Ad 35 Geo. III. Cap. 128. amounting together to -

£ ' *

i8,ocg,®oo — — 6,coo,oooo — —

85,500 ——

ByVlR r U E of another Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. 32. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to £. 108 Capital Stock, £.5 per Centum Annuities ——

1,609.897 17 1

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of tr.e said £. 18,000,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £. 8,100 for Management i)u - - of the said £.6,000,000, £.4 per Centum Annuities, including £. 2,700 for Management -

I> - - of the above Annuity of 9 j. 6 d. per Centum, for 651 Years, including £.961. 17 s. 6d. for Management D° - - of the above £.1,609,897. 17 s. I d. £. 5 per Centum Annuities, in Lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills cancelled, including £.724. 9/. 11 d. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 18,000,000. £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly

to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. 111. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to ——

D° - - - of the said £. 6.000,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - D° - - D° -

D° - - - of the future Actual Value of the said Annuity of 9 /. 6d. per Centum for 65^ Years, at the End of 45 Years,

issued as above, amounts to ——

D° --- of the Capital Stock of £. 1,609,897. 17/. 1 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities D® - D®

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1801

c

£ 54^.100 242 700 86,461

81,219

X. I

17 6 6 11

180,000

60,000

By VIRTUE of an Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 12. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1790,

upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 120 Capital Stock, £.3 per Centurr CoMolidated Annuities, amounting to £. 2i,6co,oco, but which was reduced, by certain Persons gleding to complete their ;'avme,.ts, to ——

To £. 25 Capital Stock in the£. 3 per Cen'. ve* uced Annuities -

And to an Annuity of 6x. 6a per Cent, for 64 Years, amounting to ——

c ' <

21,595,800 -

4,500,000 -

58,500 ——

By VIRTUE of another Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 74. the further Sum of £.7,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of

th' same Year upon the following Terms; viz.

' The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 120 Capital Stock, in the £.3 per Centum Consolidated Anruities, amounting to £.9,000,000, but which was reduced, b. certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to ——

To £. 25 Capital Stock, £.3 pci Centum keduced Annuities, amounting to £.1,875,000, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to compete th ir Payments, to -

And to an Annuity of 5/. 6d. for 63 j Years, amounting to the Sam of £. 20,625, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to ——

8,934,200 — — 1,859,625 — — 20.582 7 6

And by VIRTUE of another Act, 36 Geo. III. Cap. 122. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. ico contained in fuen Bills, to £. 105 Cao'tul Stock, £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, and the Proprietors of certain other such Bills lik^wife delivered up to be cancelled, for every £. 100 contained therein, to £. 104 Capital Stock £. 5 per Centum Annuities, the Whole amounting to

4.414,074 4 6

The ANNUAL CHARGE in Respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

In Respect of the said £.21,595,800, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £-9,718. is. id. for Management ——

D° - - of the said £.4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,025 for Management D° - - of the above Annuity of 6x. bd. per Cent, for 64! Years, including £.658. is. 6 d. for Management One Hundredth Pa,t of the said Capital Stock of £. 21,505,800, £, 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to D° - - of the said £. 4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D° - - D° -

D° - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6x. 6 d. per Centum for 64\ Years, at die End of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioners, as above ——

fin Respect of the above £.8,934,200, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.4,020. 7s. 9\d. for Management ----- ----- -- 272,046 7 9i

D° - - of the above £ 1,859,625, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.836. 16 s, 7 d.

for Management - -- - 56,625 II 7

D° - - of the Annuity of cs.6d, per Centum, for 6 % Z Years, including £.231. 11/. for e./ Management - - - - 20,81318 6

mV " --- ' ‘ ‘ ‘

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 8,934,200, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioner* for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to ——

D° - - of the said £. 1,859,625, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D® - - D°

D® - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5 s. 6d. per Cent, for 63J Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioners, as above -

89,34* ——

18,596 5 —

2,925 — —

o 2

sC,

£ s*

5 per Cent. Annuities, granted to the Proprietors ills, delivered up to be cancelled, including

Tn Respect of the said £. 4,414,074. 4/. 6 d. of Navy, Victualling, and Transport £.1,986. 6j. 8 d. for Management }One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.4,414,074. 4/. 6d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, is ——

£ '

657,592 2 2

137,025 ——

59.158 2 6

215958 ——

45,000 ——

8,460 — -

1,123,193 4 8

460,349 ICJ

266,830 «5 1,850,373 3 3

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge

of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1795:

| The Produce of the Additional Duties on Wine a--.--.*-. Do - - - of the Additional Duty on Sweets ——

D° - - - of the Additional Duties on British Spirits

D° - - - of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits -i ----- *

D° - — of the Additional Duties on Tea....

D# - - - of the Additional Duties on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts ——

D® - - - of the Duties on Fruit, Sallad Oil, See. ——

D° - - . of the Additional Duties on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals -

D° ----- of the Additional Stamp Dufies on Writs, &q.

D° - - - of the Duties on Hair Powder Certificates

D3 - - - of the Additional Stamp Duties on Receipts ——

D® - - - of the Duties on Spirit Licences -

D° - - - of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances ^- ——

[Cash brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Pod Office, pursuant to Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18.

Per Acts 35 Geo. III. Cap. 10. £ ' <t- 496,428 — —

7,369

11. 87,167 — — i

173,113 _

228,665 — —

30,136 — -

97,464 17 if

D° 11,569 14 2

36,623 — —

95.^95

55- 9,690 — —

8,250 — —

130,521 — —

- 40,000 —

1,452,691 II 3|

Appendix^ (No; 14.) 24lh February i

continued.

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased

of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1796 2

Per Acts 36 Geo. III.

jThe Produce of the Additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff Cap. 13.

D° - - - of the Duty on Horse Dealers Licences - -- - 17.

D° ----- --of the Tax on Legacies, after deducting £.41,079, carried tp Consolidated Duties prior

to 1793 S2-

D® - + - of the Duties of Customs on Wines - -- 113.

D3 — of the Duties of Excise on Wines - -- D°

D° - - - of the Add tional Duties on Sweets - -- D°

D° ----- --- of the Duties on Hats, afte« deducing £. 9,479. 11 s. carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties - - 12$.

jBrought to this Account from the Consolidated Duties of Customs, per Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar ——

D° - - - per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. in Lieu of the Duties of £. 10 per Cent, on AssefTed Taxes, per

Ad 3b Geo. III. repealed, at £. 80,190 per Annum -

D° - - per A Ci 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. from the Duties on Horses used for riding, in Lieu of the former Duty

then rcpcal.d, at £.106,000 per Annum ——

D® — - per Act 5P Geo. III. Cap. 41. from the Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, in Lieu of the former Duties then repealed, at £, 95,000 per Annum ——

D® - - - per Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 41. from the Duties on Dogs, in Lieu of the former Duty then repealed, at

£. 70,000 per Annum -

D® - - - per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 6j. out of the Duties on Salt, at £.32,000 per Annum.

Annual Charge

198.027 —

By the Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1801

VOL. 56.

d.

1,467 ——

99-59* ~ 483,200 ~ 1,250 — 7,620 — -26,843 9

116,676 5

80,190 —

106,000 -»

95,000 ---

67,556 14 32,000 —

31

7*

1,315.4*1 9 6\ 534-951 *3 H

1,850,373 3 3

Appendix,

(No. 14.)

i4-'* February, continued.

By VIRT U E of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 10. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1797#

upon the following Terms* Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 112. 1 or. Capital Stock. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to £. 20,250,000, but which was reduced, by fiindry Persons neglecting to complete their Payments to ——

By V IR T U E of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 57. the further Sum of £. 14,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms* viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

To £. 50 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -

To £. 20 Capital Stock, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

And to an Annuity of 61. 6 d, for 621 Years, subject to a Deduction in case the further Sum of£. 3,500,000 should not be raised for the Service of the Year 1797, and the Sum of £. 1,620,000 only having been raised, it was reduced to 6/. amounting to--. - -

By VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 59. for guaranteeing a Loan of £. 1,620000 to the Emperor of Germany, the Contributors to the same were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, to £.226, 10 j. Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

Which Annuities, upon the Failure of depositing in the Hands of the Bank of England fufheient Monies to pay the fame, and of a Sum equal to £. 1 per Cent, upon the Capital of the said Loan, are charged upon the Consolidated Fund.

And by V I R T U E of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 9. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled, in Lieu thereof, to a Capital Stock in £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £. 18 440,874. 10/. 1 d, but which was since reduced by the Navy Office withdrawing Cheques to the Amount of £.3*643. i8j. and by several Alterations made by the Bank of England, to ——

To a Capital Stock in £. 4 per Centum Annuities, amounting to ——

And to a Capital Stock in £. 5 per Centum Annuities, amounting to ——

£ d-

20,124,843 *5 —

18,125,000

7,250,000

2,900,000

43-503

3,669,300

18,437.874 9 4 809,293 11 6 2,300,798 11 10

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

o» Jfn Respect of the said £.20,124,843. 15/. £.5 per Cent. Annuities including £.9,056. 3 s, 7 d, for Ma-. J nagement ——

nagement

riOne Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 20.124,843. 15/. £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued

)One I

u Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to

£ /. I

1,015,298 7 4

201,248 8 9

/^In Respect of the said £. 18,125,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 8,156. 5 /.

( for Management.....-

D# - - - of the said £.7,250.000, £.3 perCent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 3,262. 10r. for

Management ——

D° - - - of the said £. 2,900,000, £.4 per Cent. Annuities, including /\ 1.305 for Management -D° - - - of the Annuity of 6 s. per Cent, for 62J Years, including £. 489. 7 /. 6 d, for Management One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 18,125,000. £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, iiTued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. 111. Cap. 5 5. amounts Annually to ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 7,250,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, < issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to D3 - - or £. 2.900,000, £. 4 perC nt. Annuities, - - D° - - D® -

D° - - of the future aCi.ua! Value of the said Annuity of 6 /. per Cent for 62 \ Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to ——

B:delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; viz.

mer.t ——

D® - - of £*765,427. 11 s. 6d. £.4 per Cent. Annuities, including £.344. 8/. 10Y. for Management ——

D° - - of £. 2,034,889. 11 j. 1 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, including £. 915. 14/. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 16,438,175. 5/. £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to ——

P3 - - of the said £. 765,427. 11 j. 6 d, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - DJ - - D° - -

D° - - of the said £. 2,034,889. iij. id. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - D° - - D° - -

up to be cancelled, is as follows; viz.

/-In Respect of £. 1,999,699. 4 /. 4//. Capital Stock £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.899. 17/. 3^. for Management ——

D° - - of £. 104,432. 5 s. 8 d. Capital Stock £.4 per Cent. Annuities, including £. 46. 19/, 10\d. for Management ——

D° - - of £.270,202. 4/. 8 d. Capital Stock £, 5 perCent. Annuities, including £. 121. 11 r. d. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 1,999,699. 4 s. 4^. £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

D° - - of the said £. 104,432. 5 r. 8 d. £.4 per Cent. Annuities - - D° - - D° - -

D® - - of the said £ 270,202. 4 s. 8 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - _ D° - - D° - -

£ d.

5ji,9C6 5 —

10 —

1I7>3°5 — —

43,989 7 6

lSl,250 — —

7M°° — —

29,000 — ——

5,920 — —

ng, and Transport

»| d, for Manage-

500,542 8

30.961 10 IO

102,660 3 6

164,381 >5 .

7 634 5 6

20,348 *7 10

er Bills, del livered

60,890 16 9z

4 224 5 8i

13*631 14 —

19,996 x9 10

1,0+4 6 4

2,702 — 4

By an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144. £. 1,500,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for in such Manner a.s the Parliament of that Kingdom should approve; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid Quarterly at the Exchequer, mull be deuuded from the above Charges, and amount Annually to

1,222,633 2 6

826,549 1 4i

102,490 3 -

3,368,219 2 iu

126,871 1 lof

3,241,348 1 I

Per AGs 37 Geo. III.

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Bricks -.....Cap. 14.

D° — - of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts.....D°

D° - - - of the Additional Duty on Tea D°

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of

the Fublic Debt, created in the Year 1797:

D° — - of the Additional Duty on British Spirits -

D° - - - of the Additional Duty on Foreign Spirits - -

D° - - - of the Additional Tax on Auctions -

D®-of the Duties of Customs on Sugar - -

D#-of the Additional Tax on Stage Coaches

D° - - - of the Additional Duties on Distilleries iu Scotland D° - - - of the Additional Stamp Duties on Deeds -The Arrears of the Additional Tax of £. 20 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes The Produce of the Duty on Wrought Plate - -

D° - - - of the Duties on Spirit Licences -The Arrears of the Tax on Clocks and Watche3 -The Produce of the Additional Tax of 3 d. per Pound on Pepper

D°

D°

D°

*5-

- 16.

- 17-

- 19.

- 69,

- 90.

- 102.

- 108.

- 110.

The Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 37 Geo. IIL Cap. 18.

D° - - - of the Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows 1798, after reserving the Sum directed by A£

38 Geo. IIL Cap. 40. ——

I> - - - of the Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses, after reserving the Sum directed by Att 38 Geo. IIL Cap. 40. ——

D° - - - of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, after reserving the Sum directed by Afl 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. ——

D°--- of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for riding, after reserving the Sum directed by Afl 38 Geo. IIL

Cap. 41. - - - - -'

D°--- of the Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41.

D°-of the Consolidated Duties on Four and Two Wheeled Carriages, D° - - D° - - Cap. 41.

D° - -- -- - on £, 10 per Cent. A0 1793 - -

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in the Year 1797, should be added the Amount of those on Sugar, received in the Year ended 5th January 1801, which were granted in 1797, to ^e^ray the Annual increased Charge of the Public Debt created in that Year, but are now granted Annually ——

By the Deficiency of this Fond in the Year ended 5th January 1801

£ 1. d*

29,925 ——

7*375 289,869 — _ 86,326 — —

172,839 6 $

69*9*7 — —

114,299 19 —

53,027 ——

35*75° ——

# S73-748 -

*4*362 5 si 9- H

OO ---- —

5.958 *3 9* *32.353 7 5 265,444 ——

468438 3 7| 39498 8 5 168,721 II loi

58,517 2 3 41,689 10 6 14,138 13 — -I 2 ——

Appendix.

(No. 14.)

®4 February,

continued

2,642,708 4 7|

250,632 15 7J

2,893,34* — 2*

348,007 — *0+

3,24*348 *

VOL. 56.

B

Appendix

A. tBoi

(No. 14.)

24th February,

continued.

By VIRTUE of an Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 37. the Sum of £. 17,000,000 was borrowed fur the Service of the Year 1798, upon

the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To/*. 150 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to To£. 50 D* - - £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities

And to an Annuity of 4/. 11 d. for 6i| Years, amounting to

£ 1

2^,500,000 -

8,500,000 — — 22,125 ——

By sundry Asti, explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Self. 2. Cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges in respect of£.8,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £.17,000,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges of the remaining £. 9,000,000 of the said Loan.

The ANNUAL CHARGE in Respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follow?; Viz.

In Respect of £.13,500,000 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.6,075 for Management D° - - of £.4,500,000 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,025 for Management

D# - - of the Annuity of 4/. lid. per Cent, on the said £.9,000,000, granted for 6i| Years, including

£.248. 18/. 1 \d, for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.13,500,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to D» - - of X 4,500,000,/. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities — D* - - DJ

D° - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 4/. 11 d. per Cent, for 61\ Years at the End of 45 Years,

issued as above....

By an Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 90. £. 2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom, therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to ——

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1801....

£ ' ' 411.075 ——

137.025 ——

22,373 18 I?

I35, OCO — —

45,000 ——

2,880 — —

753*353 *i\

167,411 19 7

585,941 18 6[| 144,266 — 9

730,207 19 3}

By VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 7. the Sum of £.3,00®,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1799, upon

the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.100 contributed.

To £.100 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

And to£. 87. 9 j. 6d. Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities ——

By VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 60. the further Sum of £.15,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the

Year 1799, upon following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

And £. 50 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities -

£. ,. I

3,000.000 — — 2,624,250 -

19,3 75,000 7,750,000

By sundry Acts, explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. SeC 2. Cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £. 11,000,000, Part of the above Loan of£. 15,500,000* out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £. 4,500,000 of the said Loan.

The ANNUAL CH ARGE in Respect of the Annuities, created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

In Respect of the said £. 3,000,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.1.350 fot Management

D* - - of the said £.2,624,250, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,180. 18/. $d. for Management One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 3,000,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

D° - - - of the said £. 2,624,250, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D° - - D°....

In Respect of £. 5,625,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.2,531. 5/. for £. /. d.

Management - -- -- 171,281 5 —

D° - - - of £.2,250,000, £.3* per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,012. 10/. for

Management - -- -- 68,512 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock 0f£. 5,625,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to ----- ----- --- - 56,250 — —

D° - - - of the said £.2,250,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities - D° - - D° - - - 22,500 — —

By an Act 39 Geo. If I. Cap. 114. £. 3,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, mult be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to.....*

£. ,. /

91,350 -

79^08 8 3

30,000 — — 26,242 10 —

227,500 18 3

318.^43 IS 546,044 13 3

21 1,36210 —

333,68* 3 3

739

Appendix

A. 1801.

Appendix

(No. 14

By VIRTUE of an Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 2a. the Sam of /. 20,500,000, was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1800, iqj/l Februj'y. upon the following Terms; Viz.

continued.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To /. no Capital Stock, /. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

And to/. 47 Capital Stock,/. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to

C ' '

- 22,550,000 — —

9,635,000 ——

By the above Act, Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of /. 13,500,000, Part of the above Loan of /. 20,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified, therefore the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining /. 7,000,000 of the said Loan.

The ANNUAL CHARGEin respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows; Viz.

In Respect of /. 7,700,000 Capital Stock, 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including /. 3,465 for Management ——

jr. x. d.

*34>465 ——

D* - - of /. 3,290,000,/. 3 perCent. Reduced Annuities, including/. 1,480. 10/. for Management

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of /. 7,700,000, /. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to

D° - - - of the said /. 3,290,000, /. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D° - - D°

By an Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 109. /. 2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, mud be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to

100,1 So 10 —

77,000 — —

32,900 ——

444>S4S 10 —

127,013 — —

317,532 10 —

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT created in the Years under-mentioned; and the Predated

The above Deficiency arises to a considerable Extent in the several Duties on Spimib and in the several Duties on Sugar, owing to their being Bonded under the Authority

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majestt'sReigo*

it

Appendix.

741:

Appendix

Th« P R O D U C E of the several Dvti*s, granted by the under-mentioned A*. for defraying the inereased Annual Charge of the (No. 1*)

Public Debt, created in the Year 1800:

24/i February.

continued.

the several Duties granted for defraying the fame, in the Year ended 5th January i8or.

! PRODUCE. SrRPLUS. D EFICIEN CV.

£. s. £ ' d. £ * et.

- . 294,260 7 6f 41,447 17 6

- - - 922,638 16 si ,49>3,4 »S 8|

- - - 1,452,691 11 225,276 7 4f

- - 1,315421 9 6 — — 534-95* >3 8i

" 2-g93>34* — *i — — 348,007 — iof

- - - 730,207 19 si 144,266 — 9

- - 171,543 12 — 162,138" 11 3

- - 284,052 13 4 33,479 16 8

8,064,157 9 k'f 1 560,305 1 4 1,078,577 a sf . 560,305 1 4

in the Year ended 5th January 1801 - £. 518,272 1 if

England, and Spirit Licences in Scotland, owing to the flopping the Distilleries; f an Act of the 39 th and 40th of His Majesty.

- Twenty-first Day of February 1801, by

George Ro/e.

Vo L. 56.

9 e

Appendix*

(No. 15.)

2 5 February.

RETURN TO AN ORDER OF THE HONOURABLE HOUSE OF COMMONS) DATED THE < 3D Or FEBRUARY l80l*

FOR

Ah ACCOUNT, {hewing what INCREASE or DIMINUTION has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, EmcSlumbhts, and Expbnc^s, of all the F UB L IC OF FI C E S; for the Year 1800.

— ----- ----- --- i — ++> ——

Treasury....

Secretary of State, Home Department -D* - - - D° - Foreign D*

D® - - - D« - War - D° - , - -

Alien Office - -

War Office....

Ordnance Office ——

Admiralty - - - - v

Navy ——

Viflualling ——

Sick and Hurt ——

Transport Office ——

Tax Office - - ....

Stamp Office ——

Poll Office ——

Hackney Coach Office -

Customs ——

Excise....

Exchequer Bill Office -Commissioners ftr Auditing Public Accounts Mint ——

Muster Mailer General's Office -Lottery Office -

Stationary Office ——

Customs, Scotland ——

Excise, - Scotland ——

Surveyor Crown Lands -

Paymaster General ——

Auditof Receipt of the Exchequer -

Comptrollers Army Accounts - -

Surveyor General of Woods

Auditors Land Revenue — -* -

Solicitor of the Treasury -

Barrack Office ——

Receiver of the 1 s. and 6d. Duties on Pensions, &c. Remembrancer of First Fruits -

Receiver of-D°

Receiver of Tenths - - - .

Privy Seal Office ——

Signet Office ——

Hawkers and Pedlars - *

INCREASE.

£. s. d. 787 9 8i

5»358 9 5

M5* id. ii

1,308 ——

2,137 u 9 898 6 1

6,591 17 10 475 6 9

20 — — 43,4*3 16 5

160 -

l,6l8 I9 3

8.433 4 80 6 3

59* 9 6}

610 17 2

8 2 —

85 11 9 {

5,400 5 9

885 15 i

Nil.

81,328 19

DIMINUTION.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 27th May 1801.

s. d.

2,878 1 2

16,205 II 6

294 *9 3

632 *3 4i

110 3 6

l*7\7 5 9

Nil.

24,749 16 7i

APPENDIX.

Sit Pa,

74*

743

7-£+

ib.

ib.

ib.

746

ib.

ib.

ib.

747'

ib.

748

ib.

7* 9 ib. ib. 750 ib. ib. ib.

7£

75*

ib.

ib.

753

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

W

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

755

ib.

N. Vanfittart

APPENDIX.

TREASURY.

RETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 3d of February 1801, for ,c An Account {hewing what " Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the " Public Offices for the Year 1800as far as the same relates to the TREASURY.

INCREASE.

By an Addition of £. 1,000 per Annum to the Salary of each of the Secretaries, by Minute £. of the 3d April 1800, annexed - 2,000

Deduct on Account of Mr. Rose's Waivor of his Share of the Augmentation, excepting £. 250, in Lieu of New Years Gifts - - -750

Net Increase to the Secretaries

£. ,. i.

- 1,250 ——

By Increase of the Allowances of the Four Under Porters, from One Guinea to 25/. a Week -By Addition of Three Supernumerary Clerks, at £. 90 a Year each - -

Coals, Candles, and other Necessaries -Stationary ——

Incidents

12 —

270 — — 84 8 9]

DIMINUTION.

By the Death of Hugh Valence Jones, Esq. One of the Solicitors, the Place not being filled up, in pursuance of His Majesty's Order in Council of the 21st June 1793; and in consequence of the Second Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry -

£. s. d. 200 ——

£. 1,646 — 9

92

61

- 566 9 6

£-S* ~i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 27th May 1801.

This Diminution arises chiefly from the Repeal of Assessed Taxes, the Payment on Account Of which, in the Year 1799, amounted to£. 359. 14/* 6d.

N. Vansittart.

B

EXTRACT of the MINUTES of the BOARD of TREASURY.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d April 1800.

PRESENT:

Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Smyth,

Mr. Pybi/s.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

2 5 th February.

continued

theDifcontlnUance of the Receipt of New Years Gifts, my Lords

My Lords having lately under their View the Salaries of the Secretaries of several of the principal Departments, and being sensible that the Business of this Office is much increased, are pleased to take into Confide ration the Salaries of the Secretaries of this Board. For the Purpose of ascertaining with as much Precision as possible the Extent of the Increase of the Business of the Office, my Lords are pleased to c^ll for an Account of the Number of Papers registered for the Consideration of the Board, in the following Periods, which appears to be as follow:

Number of Papers,

Three Years prior to f[n *790.....*'4°8

the War - - -) J79‘.....a>*8

L *79*.....*»54°

Three last Years of the fIn *797 ..... 4'46*

presentWar - ,798 ..... 4*375

v L >799 ..... 4.7Q2 '

It appears also, that the Number of Papers registered for the Consideration of the Board, in 1783, was 2,982; but no regular Register having been kept prior to that Period, their Number in former Years cannot be so precisely Hated: but it is evident from the Books of the Office, that in the Years 1780, 1781, and 1782, they did not exceed the Number registered in 1783.

Read Minute of the 30th November 1782, by which it appears from Accounts then laid before the Board, that the Emoluments of each of the Secretaries, for Three Years of Peace, from 1769 to 1771 inciufive, amounted to £.3,414 per Annum; and for Three Years of War, from 1779 to 1781, inciufive, to £. 5,114 per Annum; and the Emoluments of each of the Chief Clerks for the former Period to £. 853 per Annum; and in the latter Period to £. 1,278: And it appears also by the said Minute, that my Lords were pleased to £x the Salary of each of the Secretaries at £. 3,000 per Annum, and of each of the Chief Clerks at £. 800 per Annum, being nearly One Fourth the relative Proportion received by the Secretaries and Chief Clerks, according to the ancient Distribution of Fees.

My Lords also call for an Account of the only other Emoluments received by the Secretaries and Chief Clerks, in the Year 17825 by which it appears, that in addition to the above Salaries, each of the Secretaries received for New Years Gifts, the Sum of £. 397. 15 s. and each of the Chief Clerks £.99. 8/.

Read also Minute of the 10th October 1797; ^y which it appears, that the Select Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to consider Matters of Finance, having recommended

were pleased to order the Discontinuance of their Receipt; and that a Compensation equal to their Amount should be nude to the Chief Clerks, and other Clerks in the Office, in Lieu thereof.

Read also Minute of the 5th July 1798; by which it appears, in consequence of the very great Increase of the Business in the Office, my Lords are pleased to augment the Salaries of the Chief Clerks, from £.800 to-£.1,000 per Annum, exclusive of the Sum received by them in Lieu of New Years Gifts; and they were also pleased to increase the Salaries of the other Clerks in the Office, in proportion to their Trust and Labour.

My Lords having attentively considered the present State of the Office, the great Increase of Business, and the consequent increased Labour and Responsibility of the Secretaries, in the various Duties of their Situation; and considering also, that the Emoluments, in consequence of the Suppression of New Years Gifts, are less now than they wire in 1782, notwithstanding the additional Business of the Office, are of Opinion, that it is just that an Augmentation should be made to the Salaries of the Secretaries of this Board; and their Lordships are pleased to determine, that the Salary of each of the Secretaries of this Board, shall be fixed at £.4,000 per Annum, to commence from §th January 1800.

On the preceding Minute being read, Mr. Rose, one of the Joint Secretaries, expressed to the Board his Determination not to avail himself of the liberal Attention of my Lords to the Secretaries, to the Extent intended by their Lordships; being in Possession of another Employment of considerable Value, which does not require his Attendance, he states it to be inconsistent with his Feelings to allow himself to be placed in ,a better Situation as Secretary to this Board than under the Arrangement made in 1782, when the Income of his then Colleague and himself was fixed at less than Two-Thirds of what they were previous thereto in Possession of; and much lower-dun the preceding Peace Average; Mr. Rose desiring only to receive an Indemnification for the New Years picts, according to their reduced Amount, when they were flopped in consequence of the Report of the Finance Committee alluded to in the Minute, which will leave him with an Increase less by about £. 150 a Year than under the Settlement in 1782.

My Lords arc pleased to approve of this Waivor of Mr. Rose being entered on the Minutes, and of his receiving an Indemnification for the New Years Gifts, as reduced, to commence from the Year 1797, the Period to which the same appear to have been received.

t

SECRETARY OF STATE. — Home Department.

Whitehall, 19th February 1801.

ACCOUNT, fhevving what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Office of His Majesty's Principal SECRETARY OF STATE for the Home Department; for the Year 1800.

r

INCREASE.

I 800.

Establishment of Office ----- None. Contingent Account . - r - £.32 167 %

Messengers Bill* - - - - None.

DIMINUTION.

None. ——

None. -

- - . - X*>913 18 9

Will* Pollock,

c Chief Clerk*

Vol. 5 .

SECRETARY OF ST AT E. — Foreign Department.

(No. ij.)

25th February« An ACCOUNT of what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments,

and Expences, of the SE C R E T AR Y OF S T ATE S Office for Foreign Affairs, in the Year 1800.

continued.

r

INCREASE.

Establishment of Office Contingent Account -

- None.

£5*35* 9 5

DIMINUTION.

None.

This Account is considerably increased by the great Number of Couriers sent from distant Courts, as well as other Extra Messengers employed on His Majesty's Service.

Messengers:

The Whole of the Bills not being delivered in (occasioned by Messengers being on Service Abroad) no Account can, at present, be

Downing Street, 1 February nth, 1801. 3

made out.

cThos Bidwell.

Chief Clerk.

SECRETARY OF S T A T E. — War Department,

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the SECR E T A R Y OF STATE'S Office for the War Department, in the Year 1800.

SALARIES and EMOLUMENTS of OFFICERS:

INCREASE.

The Sum of £. 1,184. 18/. 6d. by Mr. Secretary Dund^s's drawing his Salary of Secretary of State, at the Rate of £. 4000 per Annum, from the id of June 1800, in Lieu of £.2,000, in consequence of his relinquishing the Salary of £. 4,000 per Annum attached to the Office of Treasurer of the Navy.

DIMINUTION.

None.

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION.

None

In the Sum of 1,267. nr. 7 arising from the Payment of Expences heretofore paid, either by Warrant from the Treasury, or from the Fee Fund, appropriated to the Payment of the Salaries of the Officers; vix. the Land Tax charged on the Salary of the Secretary of State.

The Bills for Stationary and Priming, and Tradesmen's Bills for Articles supplied for the Office.

MESSENGERS BILLS:

All the Bills not being delivered in, in consequence of several Messengers being on Service Abroad, no Account can, at present, be made out.

Downing Street, 1 10th February, 1801. 3

Ja* Chapman,

Chief Clerk.

ALIEN DEPARTMENT.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the ALIEN D E P A R T M E N T, for the Year 1800.

INCREASE.

Salaries

Contingent Expences

1,208

N. B. This Increase of Salary arises from an additional Duty performed by the Chief Clerk in carrying into Effect the Provisions of the Act, in various Parts of the Sea Coalt, where there are no resident Agents, as Circumstances require.

The Contingent Expences are increased from the Necessity of employing an Agent at Falmouth, and from the Increase of Expences incurred in conveying Aliens out of the Kingdom, &c.

Alien Office, 1 12th February 1801. 3

diminution.

None.

J. King.

C. W. Flint.

WAR OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminvtion has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of His Majesty's SECRETARY AT WAR; for the Year 1800.

Appendix, (No. 15.) 25 th February.

continued.

In. the Year 1800* there has been an Increase of Six in the Number, and of /. 1,670 in the Amount of the Salaries of the Office of His Majesty's Secretary at War, in the following Manner:

One of the Principal Clerks, who had been near Thirty Years in the Office, has been permitted to retire upon an Allowance of £* 500

St Annum, for his Life. His Salary was /.900; but su his Successor receives only £. 750, the ifference or Increase is only - - - -- - £*35°

Hie Salaries of several Clerks have been augmented; viz.,

One Cleric from One - D° from One - D° from One - D° from Four- D° from One - D° from Five - D° from Dp from. D° from D° from D° from

Four Three Eight Ten -

£. 500 to/. 600 - - - - 100

- 170 ta 200 - - - - 30

- 130 to 180 - - - - S°

- I4O to 170 - - - * - 30

- 120 to *5° - - - 120

- 100 to 120 - - - - 20

- 90 to 120 - - m -

- 90 to no - - - - %

80 to no - - - - 99

80 to 100 - - - - 160

80 to 09 - - - - I.99L

ippointed at £.90. per Annum each, in consequence

540

1,820

Deduct the Salary of One retired Clerk, who is dead - - - 150

£ '67°

There has been a Dr mi nut son of £. 525. 16 r. in the Amount of the Sums paid for Extra Business.

There has been an Increase of ^.878. izs. 8d. in the Expences of the Office, which is almost entirely occasioned by the new Rate of Land Tax upon the Salaries of 1799, having commenced only from Lady Day, by which Means it is charged for only Three Quarters of that Year; whereas it is charged for the Whole of the Year 1800.

Exclusive of the above new Rate of Land Tax, the Increase of the Expences of the Office is only £.114. 15 /. 1 </.

There arc no Emoluments in the Office, except the Salaries, and occasional Allowances for Extra Business.v

War Office, I.

5 th March 1801. J W. Windham.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, in the Year 1800.

No.

Additional Offices:

Increase lDccrease.l

1 I — I Assistant Clerk — Secretary's Office

2 I — - Messengers — Lieutenant General and Secretary's Offices, at 1/. f>d. per Diem each, from 1 ft April

Increasx of Allowances:

Gratuities, in consideration of the High Price of Provisions, to established Clerks whose Income does got exceed /. 80 per Annum, of £.10 per Annum each — to Assistant and Extra Clerks of Three Years Service and upwards, £. 8 per Annum each; and of One Year's Service, and under Three, of £. 6 per Annum each — Also of One Day's Pay per Week to the Foramen, Artificers, and Labourers, on EstabEftunents in Great Britain -

1 1 —

Decrease of Salaries and Allowances:

£. s. d.

Clerk to the Superintendant of Shipping - - - 70 — —

Assistant Clerk — Inspector of Artillery's Office, Woolwich - - 63 17 6

£ ' '

ratuities for Length of Service paid in 170a, 1 m m

agreeable to Regulation - - - - j <5 *

Ditto in 1800 ----- -- 0,795 — 4

- — 6 14 10

Increase, j8oo

70 ----- --- a

4* 5 —

927 15 5

1,036 18 5

140 io 4

898 6 1

N. B. That there has been no Alteration in re/pe& to the Allowances made, or Fees received, in this Department, as dated at the Foot of the Account presented to the Honourable House of Commons, pursuant to Order, 05 th March 1800.

Office* of Ordnance, 7 27th March 1801. J

A. Rtfs. John Sargent. M. Singleton.

Vo l. 56.

9D

J. 1801

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

25 th February.

continued

ADMIRALTY OFFICE.

Admiralty Office, f An A C CO UN T, {hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in thcNumber and Amount

18th February 1801. ( of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Admiralty Office, in the Year 1800.

increase. Diminution.

Salaries. Emoluments. £. s. J. £.

30 311 - v."

Stationary, Printing, and Binding of Books By the Appointment of a Printer to the Admiralty - - - IOQ 3,122 13 2

Expences incurred for Messengers, Travelling Charges, Stamps, Portage of Letters, and Messages Expences in the Hydographer Office, for Drawings, Engravings, 6cc. - - - -Tradesmen's Bills for Repairs of the Admiralty Houses - 204 345 >S 6 435 7 5

NAVY OFFICE.

Navy Office, f An A C CO UNT, {hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount 23d February 1801. \ of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, in the Year 1800.

Year. INCREASE. DJMINUTIO N.

r Number of Salaries. Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. 1 Expences. y Number of Salaries. /2 Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. \ Expences.

t800 '; ' _ . 1 S f S s? 1 £ ' </ 34 18 u £. s. d. 6,636 14 1 1 £. ,. 79 '5 £. s. J. £. ,. . -'J ' 3

EXPLANATION:

The Decrease in the Salaries is by One Extra Clerk less employed in 1800.

The Increase in the Emoluments, is in the Extra allowed to the Clerks for the Dispatch of Business.

The Increase in the Expences, arises by the Assessed Taxes and other Taxes due in 1799, and not paid till 1800; Poll age of Lette.s, Sec. '

' J. Kingdom,

D. Secx.

VICTUALLING OFFICE.

- _ - London, Victualling Office, 25th February 1801.

An Act C O UNT, {hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments,

an d xpences in this Department, for the Year 1800.

Number of Amount \ .

Year. B u £ O Clerks. J of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences. Aggregate. Decrease.

>799 36 163 £. 1. d. 13,926 I 11 £ ' 36,319 8 — £. d. 7,605 12 6 £. s. d. 57.851 1 5 £. s. d.

1800 36 164 28,745 9 6 12,900 i 5 41,645 IO 11 16,205 ii 6

N. B. — TheExcefs in the Expences arises principally by the Amount of the Land Tax upon the increased Salaries: And it is to be observed, in respect to the Emoluments, that the chief Part of the Sum of £. 36,319. 8 s. received by the Officers and Clerks in 1799, for Business performed by them in virtue of their respective Situations, was paid to them by private Persons having Dealings with the Victualling Department.

John Marsh. G. P. To wry. John Rodney. Fra' Stephens. RJ. Moody. W. Bojcawen.

OFFICE FOR SICK AND WOUNDED SEAMEN.

The 16th of February 1801.

An ACCOUNT, {hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year 1800.

increase. Diminution.

Salaries. Emoluments. Expences incurred for Commissioners Travelling Charges, King's and Parish Taxes, Coals, Candles, 1 Stationary, Stamps, Paper, Printing, Books, Binding Books, Portage of Letters, Carriage of J-Parcels, Advertisements, insurances, Messages, and various small Expences - - - J £ ' d. 475 6 9 £. ,. d.

Ja, JohnJton. IV. Gibbons. Gil. Blanc, Jn° Harne/s.

m

TRANSPOUT OFFICE.

Transport Office, r An ACCOUNT, shewing what locmsE or Diminution has taken place in the Number and loth February 1801. Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year 1800.

TaaNsroat Service:

Salaries to the Commissioners, Secretary, Clerks, Inspecting and Surveying Officers, Store Keepers, Messengers, &c. ——

Emoluments to the Clerks, arising from Fees received for Bills made out for the Freight of I Transports, for Charter Parties, and for Stores purchased - -

Expences, confiding of Stationary Ware and Printing, Rent of the Office, Coals, Candles,] Carpenters' and other Works performed at the Office, Postage of Letters, Advertisements I in the public Papers, Travelling Charges to several Members of the Board, when employed] on Service, and various other Expences of an inferior Kind -

393 »9 6

- — ‘

Prisoners of War: Salaries to the Clerks and Messengers -

Emoluments to the Clerks, arising from Fees received for Bills made out for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, for Freight, &c. of Cartel Vessels, for Contrafts, and for Warrants of Appointment ——

Expences, consisting of Stationary Ware, Stamps, Printing and Binding, Carpenters* and other Works, Postage of Letters, Carriage of Parcels, Advertisements, Travelling Charges to several Members of the Board, and other Persons employed on Duty from Town, Allowances to the Clerks for Extra Duty, and various Incidentals - -

Rupert George. Ambrose Serle. Wm Ay Otway.

TAX OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year 1S00.

INCREASE.

Number of Salaries and Emoluments: Secretary, Two Under Secretaries, and Six Clerks -

Additional Occasional Clerks, at a Daily Allowance, the Number varying according to the Business of the Office;

In the Tax Office -Land Tax Register's Office

£- 287 1 -

1,936 2 6 -

Total Increase -

DIMINUTION:

In the Amount of Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences.

Total Amount of the Incidental Expences (exclusive of those incurred for Salaries and Emoluments of Officers.)

1799

lfcoo

£ '.

27,921 6 10 |

24,260 9 11J

Total Diminution

- - - £

Amount of Salaries and Emoluments.

£. x. d.

805 — —

2,223 3 6i

3,028 3 61

3,660 16 10 i 3,028 3

632 13 4 i

The Increase pToposed to be made to the Establishment of Surveyors, as mentioned in our Return to the House of Commons, of . the 5th of June 1800, has fence taken place.

William Lowndes,

°f"for, T7'

March ,80,.

V OL. 56.

Appendk, (No. 15.)

25th February.

centinu

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (N6. ij.J

£5 tk February.

contimttJ.

STAMP OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken'place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries Emoluments, and Expence), with respect to the Stamp Revenue* for the Year 1800.

INCREASE.

An Additional Clerk in the Office of the Receiver General, at a Salary of £. 70 per Annum.

DIMINUTION.

The Lapse of a Salary of £.50 per Annum, by the Death of Thomas Wilkinson, one of the Inspectors of Perfumer's Houses; which Place not being filled up previous to the 9th July 1800, when the Perfumery Duty Act was repealed, the Employment and Salary then ceased.

J. Birdley %

L. Jenkins, fV. Spencer*

he Amount of Emolument* in this Revenue are very incortfider&ble, and arise principally from the Deputations granted to Persons on their Appointments to different Offices. (

Stamp Office, 1 26th Feb. 1801. j

POST OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Incxeasb Or Diminotion has takeit place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the GENERAL POST OFFICE, for the Year 1800, ending on the 5th January 1801.

1800.

r ‘ \

Expences. Increase. Diminution.

Charges of Management, including Salaries and Allowances £- £ ' * £ s.

to Officers, Pod Mailers Salaries, Riding Work, Mail

Coaches, and all other Expenses whatever, except Packet

Boats ----- --- *73.393 8 »7 3

Hire, &c. of Packets on the E&ablidiment - 36,022 5 2 - 1,556 9 10

Hire of Extra Packets; Armament of new Packets; Lodes by i

Captures, and Damages done by Engagement - 49,300 2 10 a0,450 13 *

£ JS8*7iS 9 8

INCREASE in EXPENDITURE for the Year ending 5th January 1801, on the following Articles:

Mileage

Tradesmen's Bills - -- - £ 4,2001

Law Charges - -- - 1*300 J

Ship Letttrs ——

Salaries and Allowances, Travelling Expences, and Podmasters Incidental Disbursements

I5»OI5

5,500

1.300

1.300

£-3 >'ls

Confining of Tenpenny Allowances, made in consequence of the High Price of Horse Provender, &c. &c.

March 10th, 1801. Examined per

Tbtf

Dep* Acc* General.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries

and Emoluments of the POST OFFICE, in the Year 1800.

INCREASE DECREASE

per Annum. per Annum*

By the Retirement of Mr. Robert Bigg, late a Clerk in the Foreign Office, a Pension of, per Annum ----- -- By an Increase of the Salaries of the Clerks in the Accountant General's Office -By an Increase of the Travelling Allowances of the Riding Surveyors, about, per Annum - - By an Increase of the Salaries of the Clerks of the Ship Letter Office By an Increase of Salaries of Clerks under Sixty Pounds per Annum ... By an Arrangement made in the Duties of the Accountant's Office in Scotland, occasioned by the Decease of Mr. Mowbray, the Principal Clerk, whole Situation not being filled up, there refnlted a Saving of, per Annum - - . £. s. d. 225 — — 150 400 130 607 16 — £ ' ' 105

- 1,51216 — 105 — 105

Total Increase in the Year x8oo - - - £. 1,40716 —

ttACKNEY COACH OFFICE.

Append'utj (No. 15.)

sifc;

In obedience to the bire&ions of my Lords Cohitnlfllotlirs of His Majesty's Treasury, signified to us by your Letter of the 7th Jnflant, therein Hating an Order made by the Honourable House of Commons on the 3d In/lant, whereby it is ordered, that there be laid before the said House, " An Accoant, (hewingwhat Increase €t or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the Year 1800 :* And therein dating, that the House of Commons had called fot the aforegoing Account, and that their Lordships desired we would cause the same to be forthwith made out, so far as related to our Department, and transmitted to you, in order to be laid before the said House;* —

We beg you will pleaft to inforth their Lordships, that do tncrease or Diminution in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year i$co, have taken place, excepting the following Appointments by and under tKe Authority of an Act of Parliament, passed on the 30th of May lad,

itacktiey Coach Office, 1 loth Febrdiry 1861* j

Charles Long, E£j.

intituled, u An Act For repealing tfee Rates and flares taken by 2 5 M licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates continued.

" arid Fares in Lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending

ft several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairsviz.

Two inspectors df Hackney Coaches, to examine and report the State of ail Coaches, Horses, HarUefs* See. ice. at Fifty Pounds per Annum each, £, 106. Also a Clerk (being the only Clerk in thd Office) appointed by and under the same Authority, on Account of the great Share of additional Bufineft, by nearly Two Thousand additional Persons being put under the Controul of the Board; and a Register kept of all Drivers, Watermen, and Attendants, with all their Residences, and constant Changes of Residence of all stich Persons, requiring a constant Daily Attendance, with a Salary of Sixty Pounds per Annum; the whole additional Expence of such Three Appointments being annually Ode Hundred and Sixty

Pounds.

We have the Honour to be*

SIR,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

John SoUy. fV. Douglas.

M. Morgarni*

CUSTOMS.

An ACCOUNT, /Hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount Of the SaliHes#

Emoluments, and Expences in the CUSTOMS; for the Year 1800.

Curtom-House, London, Hume}

27th February 1801. -Secretary.

EXCISE OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries* Emoluments, and Expences of the EXCISE OFFICE; for the Year 1800.

YEAR. iriCREdSfe or DIMINUTION. Number of Officers. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

I [ Increase - *S. > £ *' d.

1800 - -J I Diminution - - 4 380 — — Node.1 4

- -- — — — . -- ' r - > "'R ...

N. B. This Accoant is made up from 5th July 1799 to $tH July i$oo, the iateft Period to which foe same can be nude up with Accuracy. The Increase of Expences it occasioned by the Salt Duties having been transferred, on foe loth October 179S; to the Manageunnt of

the Commissionen of Excise.

Excise Office, 1 1

London, 17th March 1801-) Accomp* Gea*.

Vol. 56.

9 ®

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

2j lb Febr.

CGNf'nueJ.

EXCHE QJJ ER BILL OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and-Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the EXCHEQJJER BILL O F F I C E ,* for the Year 1800.

No Increase cr Diminution of the Salaries or Emoluments has taken place in this Office in the Year 1800.

The only Increase is in the Expences for advertising the paying off Exchequer Bills, which amount to the Sum of £.80. 6*. 3d.

more than in the Year 1799.

Exchequer Bill Office, 7 riant a,

the 12th of February i Sot. £ "John Peter.

OFFICE FOR AUDITING THE PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Dim i notion has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the OFFICE FOR AUDITING THE PUBLIC ACCOUNTS; for the Year 1S00.

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries of the Auditors Office for the Year 1800.

No Emoluments whatever are allowed/all Fees and Emoluments whatever having been abolished, on the Establishment of the Board in the Year 17S5.

The Expences in the Year 1800 exceed those in the Year 1799 by the Sum of jT. 592. gs, which Increase arises from the

Employment of occasional Weekly Clerks, a small Allowance to Clerks whose Salaries were under £. 200 a Year, on Account of the Preliiire of the present Times, and necessary Repairs of Furniture, kc.

Office for Auditing the Public Accounts,? ^Someifet Place, 20th February 1801. *

y. r. Ban,

John Martin Leake i K, Pole Carew.

MINT OFFICE.

Mint Office, 10th February 1801. An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Di m i n ution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year 1800.

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

A \

Salaries. Emoluments. Salaries. Emoluments.

Year. Pension to Staneffiy Alchorne, Esq. of £. 400 a Year, ceased 7 jg at his Death, 15th November -S Office of Xing's Clerk, and Clerk of the Papers, vacant from 1 9th May to 7th October - - - i'6-~ 64 3 6

Diminution within the Year - - - 110 3 6

No Fees or Gratuities of Office ate received at the Mint. The Profits and Emoluments derived to the Office of Maher and Worker, by Contract of the Mint Indenture, being appropriated for defraying the fixed Salary of that Officer, pursuant to an Act 39th of His present Majehy, Chap. 94,

Haivkejliiry,

Mailer.

MUSTER MASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT of what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Salaries, Fees, Emoluments, and'Expences of the Office of the COMMISSARY GENERAL OF MUSTERS; during the Year 180c.

There has been no Alteration whatever, under any of the above several Heads, except that of Fees, which were all paid by

Individuals; \'rz.

The Fees of the Commifiary General were £.521. 7 x. 4 d, more in 1800 than in the preceding Year 1799:

The Fees of the Two Clerks were £. 89. 9/. 10 d, more in 1800 than in 1799.

J w Commifiary General's Office,? *

27th March 1801. J G, Aujl %

LOTTERY OFFICE.

SIR, Lottery Office, nth February 1801.

In obedience to the Order of the House of Commons, signified to me by your Letter, and requiring " An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for the Year 1800I now fend you an Account for that Year, as far as relates to this Office.

The Lottery of the Year 1800, confiding of 5,000 Tickets more than that of the Year 1799? has occasioned an additional Expence in the following Articles; namely,

In Paper ....

' In Printing ——

In figuring the Tickets - -

In examining the Tickets -In procuring a frefn Supply of figuring Ink

£) 8 _ 4 4 —

9 -

10 10 — .

£ 3* —

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

,25 tb Feb,

continued,

V ——

Under the Word " Emoluments," T presume, are included Fees, which rife or fall according as Adventurers are more or less anxious to know the Fate of their Tickets. These Fees this Year have been less than those of lad Year, by about Twenty-four Pounds.

I remain,

SIR,

Your most humble Servant,

Charles Long, Esquire. John Gfay0

STATIONARY OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the STATIONARY OFFICE; for the Year 1800.

INCREASE.

Number. Amount of Salaries.

Comptroller - Additional Salary - £ ' d. 100 —

Clerk to D° - - - D° - - - - 20 — —

Parchment Sorter - - D* - - - 1 1 14 —

Journeymen - -- 4- -- 29l 4 —

Stationer's Man - - - 1 - - 54 12 —

Packer of Goods - - - - 1 - - - 54 12 —

Labourers - 00 v*» 1

A Aidant Carter - - - - 1 - - - 39

Porter - -- -- 1 - - - 39

Total Increase - - 10 693 6 —

Number.

DIMINUTION.

Amount of Salaries,

None.

Emoluments and Expences*

The Profit arising from the Sale of Cuttings of Parchment and Paper, Outsides, and Discount on Stamps, is brought in Aid of the general Expence; and in the Year 1800 produced £.607. 14/. 2\d.

N. B. — The Number of inferior Officers was increased in consequerice of several additional Departments being furnidied with Stationary Wares and printed Forms; viz.

VOL. $6.

The Commissioners of the Navy;

The Navy Yards, Ships, and Admirals;

Navy Pay Office;

General and Penny Pod Offices;

War Office, and Muder and Pay Rolls for the Army;

The Excise, remaining Duties (11);

The Stamp Office (Incidental Part) and State Paper Office; The Whole of the Ordnance Department have been supplied since the ift of January 1801.

Lewis fVolfe,

Comptroller.

Appendix.

A. i8of,

?5a

Appendix, (No. 15.) 25/4 February.

centmued.

CUSTOM S — S COTLAND,

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or DiMiivuTiftft his taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Amo'uments, ind Efcpences paid out of Revenue of Customs in Scotland; for the Year 1800.

In ere a ft ——

Diminution

Increase on the Whole

N. B. — The Increase in tKe l4umbfcr Af Officers, and the Amount of the Salaries, arif?5 thllfty front the Appointment of an additional Number of Tide waiters at Port Glasgow and at Greenock, which was necessary upotl Account of the great Increase of 'lVade at these Porb; and from an Addition being made to the Salaries of 386 Tidefmen and Bdlttfc&il, in consequence of a Warrant from the Lords Commii&oilers of the Treasury, dated 2ad Jahnify ilbfc; thHf fdfm&r Salaries not being adequate to their Subsistence* The Increase in the Amount of the Expencea, arises principally from the Rent of a Tobacco Warehouse at Leith, the former not being sufficient td hold thfe ToMettf frttpbtted

Custom House, Edinburgh, 1 16th February 1801. J

Number of Officer*. Salaries. Emoluments. kxpences.

£ ' J- £

*9 S'l39 >5 — - - - 421 IO 9

5 161

*4 4>978 »5 — m 4*1 IO 9

there, and from sundry Additions necessarily made to the former Allowances for Custom House Rent.

The aforegoing Account includes every permanent Addition to or Redu&on of the Number of Officers employed in the Service of the Revenue of Customs in Scotland; as also every permanent Addition to or Reduction in the Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments paid out Qf the Revenue to the Officers in the said Service, and in the Amount of the Expences attending the Collection of the said Revenue; being what is understood to be required by Che Votes of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 3d ihfhrnt.

Geo. Cuminghame>

Inspector General.

fe x c i s fi — s c a N £>.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries Emoluments, and Expences of the fe X CIS E OFFICE; for the Year 2800.

Number of Officer*. Salaries. Emoluments* Expences,

In the Year 1806 - - i Increase g Diminution - 36 £. /. d. 1,669 3 IO £' *' d' 3-4*6 9 7

Excise Office, Edinburgh, 5th March 1801.

1

(ieo. Brown, John Grieve, keft Graham.

Ed. Broughton, Accompt' Gen1. John Stuart, D. ComptV

LAND REf !HUB OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Dii/uAdf itotf has takeA place in thA Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the LAND REVENUE OFFICE; for the Year 1800.

In obedience to an Order of the House of Commons, the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands dates, that since the Return made by him lad Year to a similar Order of this Honourable House, it has been settled by the Lords of the Treasury, that the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments of the Surveyor General (hallbd made up to the clear Sum of £. 2,000. a Year, commencing from Midsummer 1799.

This Arrangement was made in Consideration of the Alteration which has taken place in this Office, in consequence of Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in 1794, for the better Management of the Land Revenue, the other passed in 1798, for the Sale of Parts of the Estates of the Crown, in order to provide a Fund for the Purchase of the Land Tax, payable out of the Crown Lands; by means of which Acts, the Business of the Office has been

I, and Revenue Office, 1 February 20th, 1801. J

greatly increased while tie Fees and Emoluments of it have been

dintini&edL

It appears from the Reports of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to Parliament, that the Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments of this Office, for a long Average, prior to the Appointment of the present Surveyor General, was £. 1,533. 1 3^* per

Annum 1 fer that the Addition or Compensation for the increased Bufrness h, on an Average, equal to £.466. i8x. tod.i but the Salaries and Office Fees for the lad Year having amounted only to £. 1,114. 4s. 11 d. the Compensation for that Year was £.885. 15/. id.

No Imcriasb or Diminution, other than as above dated, has taken place in the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of this Office, for the Year 1800.

John Fordyce,

Surveyor General.

ARMY PAY OFFICE.

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 9th February 180x.

SIR,

In answer to your Letter of the 7th Instant, I beg to acquaint you, for the Information of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that no Change has taken place in the Establishment, Salaries, or Emoluments of this Office, since the Accoant delivered in on the 21st of April 1800, pursuant to the Commands of their Lord ships, contained in Mr. Rose's Letter of the 29th of March; except the Appointment of a Deputy Paymaster to the Expedition under the Command of Lieutenant General Sir James Puiteney, Bart* with an Allowance of £. 3. per Diem.

I am,

SIR,

Your obedient Servant,

P. George Craufurd.

Charles Long, Esq.

AUDITOR OF THE RECEIPT OF EXCHEQUER.

An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year i8co.

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Year 1800.

Exchequer, die nth 7 Day of February 1801. $ Robert Jennings,

First Clerk to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

COMPTROLLERS OF ARMY ACCOUNTS.

Comptrollers Office, 12th February 1801.

SIR,

In pursuance of the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, signifiedby your Letter of the 7thlnstant, that we should make out an Account, so far as relates to our Department, conformably to the Older of the House of Commons, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices for the Year 1800 —

We have the Honour to inform their Lordships, that in our Department no Increase or Diminution of Salaries, or other Alteration in this Office, has taken place in the Year 1800.

We have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your moil obedient humble Servants,

John Dick,

John Martin Leake.

Chablbs Long, Esq.

Ice. &c. See.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

SURVEYOR GENERAL OF WOODS.

— continued.

Office of Woods, 12th February 1801.

SIR,

In pursuance of your Letter to me of the 7th Infant, received Yesterday, in obedience to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, that there be laid before that House *c An Account,

" /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in €t the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the Year 1800;" —

I beg leave to return, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Numbeb and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowances, and Cravings, in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Or any Appropriation of an Office been made therefore, or for depositing and preserving the Office Papers, or any Arrangement or Alteration, in the Year 1800; but that the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowances, Cravings, and Efablishments therein, remain now, as is fully fated in my Returns and the accompanying Papers respecting the said Office, submitted to the Select Committee on Finance, and printed and referred to in their 23d Report, Pages 26 and ay, and progressively in subsequent Pages from 250 to 263, from 270 to 273, and from 276 to 281 inclusive; and as is also fated and craved to be allowed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in my Accounts made up, and making up, to be passed before the Auditor of the Land Revenue; but of which no Allowance has hitherto been made, or Accounts pa/Ted on such Salaries* Emoluments, Allowances, or Cravings.

I am,

SIR,

Your moil obedient humble Servant,

John Robinson,

Surveyor General of Woods, Sec.

Charles Long, Esq.

AUDITORS OF THE LAND REVENUE, Auditor's Office, New Palace Yard, 9th February, 1801.

SIR,

In obedience to the Commands of the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, signified to the respective Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenue for England and Wales, pursuant to an Order of the House of Commons, for " An Account, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has " taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emolu-«« ments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the Year 1800:"

We beg leave to certify, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Rates of Fees of the respective Auditors, or their Deputies, during the Period above mentioned of the Year 1800.'

We have the Honour to be*

SIR,

Your very obedient, and Moll humble Servants,

Ricbd Gray,

% Deputy Auditor for England,

Albert Badger,

Deputy Auditor for Wain,

To Charles Lono, Esq.

See. Sec. Sec.

VOL. 56.

9 p

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

25//; February. -SOLICITOR OF THE TREASURY.

continued. SIR,

I have the Honour of your Letter of the 7th Instant; and

in answer to it, I beg leave to acquaint you, for the Information of the Lords of the Treasury, that there has been no Increase or Diminution of the Salaries or Emoluments in my Department of Solicitor of the Treasury, for the Year iSoo.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

N°. 6, Lincoln's Inn,? J0Jl> jyhite*

9th February 1801. S

Charles Long, Esq.

BARRACK OFFICE.

STATEMENT, shewing the Increase or Diminution that has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Sec. in the BARRACK OFFICE, in the Year 1800.

None.

The Barrack Mailer General thinks it right to observe, that several Persons in the Barrack Office having represented the Inefficiency of their present Salaries, both with respect to the Duties required of them, as well as with a View to what is granted to Persons in similar Situations in other Offices, he has thought it his Duty to make an Application for an Increafcof Allowance.

Ol. Be Lancey,

B. M. Gen'.

Barrack Office, 9th February 1801.

RECEIVER OF THE ONE SHILLING AND SIXPENNY DUTIES.

SIR,

Upper Eaton Street, Grosvenor Place, February 10th 1801.

In obedience to the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, communicated to me in your Letter of the 7th Instant, I have the Honour to inform you, that upon the Consolidation of the Offices of Receiver of the 1 /. and 6d. Duties, which took place in July last, the Poundage of 3 d. per Pound, heretofore paid on each Duty, was reduced to t d. \ per Pound; and by the Calculation which was then made, it appeared that this reduced Rate of Poundage on the probable future Annual Amount of both Duties, taken upon an Average of the lad Seven Years Receipt, would give me £. 94, 8 /. 6 d. Increase of Poundage. — Out of which Sum all Expences whatever, for Clerks, Stationary, and Postage of Letters, attending the Management of both Duties, are to be paid; also the Charge of employing an Agent at Edinburgh for receiving and remitting the Sixpenny Duty from Scotland; besides the casual Expence of passing a Privy Seal and giving new Security.

1 have the Honour to be.

SIR,

Your obedient humble Servant,

John Lane,

Receiver of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties on Salaries and Pensions.

Charles Long, Esq.

Secretary Treasury, See. Scc. &c.

REMEMBRANCER FIRST FRUITS OFFICE.

SIR, ——

In obedience to t the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, of the 7th February 1801, I beg leave to acquaint you for their Lordships Information, that there has been no Increase or DiMiNUTiON in the Receipt of the Salaries and Expences whatever in the Department of Remembrancer of the Office of First Fruits of the Clergy, for the Year *800.

I am,

SIR,

First Fruits Office, 1 With all (tue Respect,

loth February 1801,3 Your very humble Servant,

Ricbardson Harrifcn,

To Charles Long, Esq. Remembrancer.

Treasury Chambers.

RECEIVER OF FIRST FRUITS OFFICE.

SIR, ——

In obedience to the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the 7th February 1801,1 beg leave to acquaint you, for their Lordships Information, that there has been no Increase or Diminution in the Receipt of the Salaries and Expences whatever, in the Department of the Office of the Receiver of the First Fruits of the Clergy, for the Year 1800,

I am,

SIR,

First Fruits Office, 1 With all due Respect,

10th February 1801. J Your most obedient Servant,

John Bacon,

Charles Long, Esq. Receiver.

Treasury Chambers.

RECEIVER OF THE TENTHS.

S I R, ——

In answer to your Letter of the 7th Instant, dellring, in obedience to an Order of the House of Commons, to know what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of the Receiver of the Tenths, for the Year 1800, I beg leave to inform you that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of that Office, for the Year 1800.

I have the Honour to be,

Lincoln's Inn, 1 SIR,

9th February 1801. J Your humble Servant,

R. Richards,,

Receiver of the Tenths.

PRIVY SEAL' OFFICE.

SIR, 9th February, 1801.;

Having received the Honour of your Letter of the 7th Instant, accompanying an Order of the House of Commons, directing that An Account, shewing what Increase or Di-if mi nut ion has taken place in the Number and Amount of the u Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices for " the Year 1S00," be laid before that House, and signifying the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of the Trcaffiry that I should cause the same to be forthwith made out, so far as relates to the Department of the Lord Privy Seal I am to acquaint you, in answer thereto, that no Alteration whatever has taken place in the said Office within the Time above specified.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your most obedient and moll humble Servant,

John Larpent.

Charles Long, Esq.

SIGNET OFFICE.

oth February 1801.

SIR,

In answer to your Letter of the 7th Instant, containing a Copy of the Order of the House of Commons, that there be laid before that House <c An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all Public Offices, for the Year 1800;" — I beg leave to inform you, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the N umber or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of this Office, during the lad Year.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

25 th February.

continued.

I have the Honour to be.

Charles Long, Esq.

SIR,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

William PM,

Depr.

HAWKERS AND PEDLARS OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year 1800.

Nil.

Office for Licer.fir.g Hawker?, Pedlars, £

9th February 1801. 1

Which is humbly submitted,

C. Poole,

H.

R. Coken

Appendix, (No. 16.) 7.d March.

t RELAND. — Twenty-fifth REPORT of the Commissioners of Account; in obedience to an Act, passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the due accounting for all Money, &c. and ailo in obedience to several Acts of Parliament, passed subsequent thereto; in the Kingdom of Ireland.

S I N CE the First Day of July last, the Date of the last Report delivered to the Chief Governor, and to each House of Parliament, the Commissioners have examined and passed the following Accounts:

I. Governors of Saint Patrick's Hospital.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of Saint Patrick's Hospital, for One Year, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Received for Board of fandry Patients -Interest on Debentures -

Legacies and Interest -

Rents - - - -....

Total Charge - - £.

The Discharge:

Balance of last Account

Paid for Provisions ——

Coals, Soap, and Candles ——

Bedding and Cloathing ——

Furniture and Utensils - -....

Building and Repairs ——

Incidental Expences ——

Re-payments on Account of Patients discharged or dead ——

The Physician, for his Attendance - -

Salaries and Wages ——

Rents ——

Postage -

Total Discharge - - £.

Deduct the Charge -

Balance in favour of the Accountants - £.

£ d.

»73S 5

6S 10

*>55°

1,462 14 n*

4.813 10 7

126 6 3

1,852 8 7

246 — 9f

76 18 4i

42 9 11

LI. if

1,029 8 *k

27 1 3

386 15 —

528 12 9i

446 11 9 2

4,894 1 ui

4,813 10 7

80 11 4i

THIS Account is properly stated and vouched, and supported by the Depositions, on Oath, of the Master of the Hospital, who declared that it was just and true in every Particular.

2. Forfeited Estates.

The ACCOUNT of Robert Reeves, Esquire, Solicitorfor Forfeited Estates, for Expence of the Bill of Attainder against Lord Howard Fitzgerald, Cornelius Grogan, and Beauchamp Bagnil Harvey; from the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, to the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Received by different Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury - - £.

The Disch arcs:

Paid Chancery Costs...../.

Exchequer Costs, Chief Remembrancer's Side Exchequer Costs, Revenue Side -

Total Discharge -

The Charge, as above - -

Balance in favour of the Accountant - - £.

3. Paving, &c. the City of Dublin.

The ACCOUNT of the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the City of Dublin, for One Year, ending the Twenty-fifth Day of Marfch, One thousand Eight hundred.

THIS Account is properly stated, and supported by the Depo-fition, on Oath, of the Solicitor for Forfeited Estates, who declared that he has expended the several Sums fairly, according to his Statements: And the several Bills of Costs were taxed by the proper Officers of the Courts.

The Charge:

Balance in favour of the Public on last Account £.

Paving Tax:

Arrears outstanding on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine ----- -- - -£.3,4.12 7 9

Deduct Loss of Half Tax on New Houses, Waste Houses, and Insolvencies ----- -- - 1,617129

£. ' ' 3,240 4 11

94 15 —

One Year's Tax, due the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine - 12,591 19 j|

Arrear and Tax - 14,386 14 i-J-

Deduct Poundage to Collectors - 298 12 2

1 11

Net Arrear and Tax - 14,088

Dedud for T ax uncolle&ed the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred -.....2,723 n 3-J

300' — — 354 *8 4f

22 l8 2

32 IO

5 17

12 18

36 —

£ J. d.

*»957 IO —

2,340 4 9

225 18 3k

757 8 5k

3-323 11 6

2.957 10 —

366 1 6

Net Receipt of Arrears and Tax 11,364 10 8 Received from the City, One Year's Composition for Paving -

More from ditto, for Paving over Main

Pipes.....- - -

From Proprietors of Stable Lane, rere of Merrion Square South, for Paving said Lane ——

Inhabitants of Upper Mount Street, for Paving and Flagging - -

Inhabitants of Fitzwilliam Street, for

Flagging....

Ditto of Lower Mount Street, for Paving and Gravelling - -

Ditto of Beresford Place, for ditto -Ditto of Dorset Street, for Curbing and

Gravelling - -....

From Inhabitants of Mountjoy Square,

East Side, for Paving - -

From Mr. Burdett, for Paving and Flagging Mountjoy Square - -

From ditto, for building a Main Sewer in Upper Gardiner Street -

From Mr. Guinness, for Paving and Flagging in James's Street - -

From the Treasurer of the City of Dublin Grand Jury, for repairing Baggot Street Road - -

From ditto of County of Dublin Grand Jury, for repairing Inchicore Road Total Receipt on Account of Paving

19 ——

33 l3 7

49

61

12

2 2

18

15 10 — 39 16 6

Cleansinc:

Received from the City, One Year's Composition

for Cleansing.....£.2,000 —

From Inhabitants of Church Street, for Cleansing over a Main Sewer -From ditto of Stable Lane, rere of Merrion Square South, for removing Rubbish out of said Lane -

Total Receipt on Account of 7 Cleansing.....j

3 3

6 —

Carried forward

12,360 16 7

2*004 9

17,605 I. —

4< Geo. Ill,

Appendix,

757

Brought forward - - £.

Lighting Tax:

Arrear outstanding on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine - - - a,o8i 2 10

Deduct Loss of Half Tax on New Houses, Wade Houses, Registered Glqbes, and Insolvencies - -1,078 7 8

£ '

17*605 11

d.

l, OQ2 15 2

Ope Yearns Tax, due the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine - - -8,823 12 3I

Arrearand Tax.....9,826 7 si

Dedud Poundage to Collectors - 200 18 7

Net Arrear and Tax - - - 9,625 8 lof

Deduct Tax uncolle&ed the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand

Eight hundred.....1,4.31 18 4

Net Receipt of Arrear and Tax ... m„. —

Received,

from the City, One Year's Qomposition for Lighting - - - -.....- -

From Leonard Cornwall — . Amount of a Warrant granted him the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, on Account of Lighting Expence:; ——

From Daniel Parrel, for old Lamp

Irons fold - jf.iij 3

From Ditto, Ditto Lamp Poft$, Ditto - 1136

from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, Parliamentary Grant of Carriage Duty for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety.nine ----- - -/*. 4,850 ——

More, additional Grant - - - 4,850 — —

From Leonard Cornwall, for sundry Articles sold by Auction -

'From Daniel Dunlevy, Watering sundry Streets From Tho* McCa(key, Fines on Nui-

fances - - -£.381510

From Robert Hall, the like - Ditto . 32 1 4

More, Amount of Warrant granted him the Ninth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, to pay Sweepers of Cross-Passages -

Total Charge - - - £.

The Discharge:

4a

2

IO

Expences of Paving, &c. - -

Gleanfing, Cart-hire, and Repairs -

Lighting -

Rent of the Corporation House, and Stores - -- -- - - /*. 261

Taxes....

Insurance against Fire - - - - -Alterations and Repairs - - - -Paid Storekeeper for sundry Expendi tures ——

Coals, Soap, and Candles -

Expences of the Corporation House -

Expences of Fountains ——

Sewers

Salaries ^3>4$8 15 8

Gratuities - - - - 1,224 15 2\

7

85 18 8 10 152 7

7 *7

64 18

Incidental Expences -

lmereft on Paving Debentures

8»*93 *0 6|

29 — _

io — _

I24 3 9

Total Discharge - - - JT. Balance in favour of the Public - -

9>7qo ——

5

44

19 9

Si

70 17 2

lo — _

3S*78s

7.660 17 5*776 2 10,079 J9

<* r

580 19 8|

248 3

45 17

sl

4

4,683 10 iof

i»433 13 7

2,995 ——

33*504 3 "I

<,280 16 9

35,785 — H

THIS Account is properly dated and supported by Vouchers, and by the Depositions, on Oath, of the Inlpc&or of Accounts. Annexed are Statements of the Funds of the Corporation, and of their several Debts and Engagements, as nearly as could be ascertained on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

Funded Debt of the Corporation:

Amount of Debentures at £. 3 { per Cent. Amount of - Ditto - at £.4 perCent. - -Amount of - Ditto - at £ 7 per Cent* * -

Interest on/*. 5,000, at £.3! per Cent. Ditto - - on £. 53,000, at /. 4 per Cent. Ditto - - on £. 10,000, at £.7 per Cent.

Total Interest per Annum ,-

Statement of Debts due by former Collectors:

Balance due by Robert Black hall Ditto - - - by Daniel Parker r By Cash to Treasurer - -

Balance due by Daniel Shanlcy -

Balance due by Qoile&ors

£ '*

£ 5,000 — — ,

- 53,000

- 10,000 — —

£ 68,000 — —

1-5

m 1 2r\20 —

- 7OQ

-£ *.995

Appendix, (No. 16.) % £ March.

continual.

- n dedud 501

96 10 7

100 —

264 15 1

461 5 8

An Account of sundry Sums of Money due by I the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, I &c. the City of Dublin, on the 25th March 1800, as near as could be ascertained.

Due on Account of Paving ——

Cleaning -

Lighting -

Fountains -

Corporation House - -

Establishment - -

Hal f-a-Year's Gratuities, to be paid 25 th March 1800 - . -Due on Account of Incidents -

1,567 12 10

*>5*4 8 7 2,997 16 8 195 18 — 143 6 7

867 8 4

Total

589 6 1,235 9

Si

7 — I

An ACCOUNT of sundry Sums of Money due to the Directors fend Commissioners for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin, on the 25th Day of March 1800, as near as could be ascertained.

Balance in favour of the Public, on the Account toi /.

the 25th March 1800 - - - F 2,280 16 Amount of Paving Tax uncolleded, due but not received £. 2,641 6 3

Of which. One Half will more than probably be loft by insolvent, uninhabited, and Waste

d.

9

Houses -

1,320 13

1,320 13 f|

Amount of Lighting Tax unfollefled, due but not received/*. 1,715 18 41

Of which. One Half will more than probably be loft by insolvent, uninhabited, and Waste Houses - - - . 857 19 2|

857 19 2\

12

Balance of Paving Tax remaining in the Collector's Hands, collcded before the 25th Day of March 1800 - - 251

Balance of Lighting Tax remaining in the Colledar's Hands, collcded be. fore the 25 th Day of March 1800 - 211 8

One Quarter of a Year's Expence due by the City, for Paving over Main Pipes, the 25th Day of March i8qo 84 8 Due" by sundry Inhabitants of new Streets, For Paving, Flagging, Sewers, See. - ----- -- 1,500 — —

8f

6*

Tottl

4>w 6 2 11

6,506 18 ici

VOL. 56.

9q

Appendix

A. 1801

7 S8

Appendix,

(No. j6.) zd March.

continued.

4. Ballast Office, Dublin.

An ACCOUNT of the Corporation for preserving the Port and Harbour of Dublin, for One Year, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge: £. i. d.

Received Tonnage Duties - - -£.7,746 14 10

Received for Ballast put into Ships - 5*375 >3 7

Heaving Ballast ----- - 1,298 5 3

Ballast taken out of Ships - - - 18 14 6

Fines - -- -- - 876

Licences - - - -- - 6 2 — -

Tonnage Duties at Dunleary - - 102 10 —

Ditto at Balbriggen - - - - 79 19 9

Casual Receipts - -- 639

Ballast put on Shore - - - - 1112

Old Duties ....

New Duties for Quay Walls: Received Tonnage Duties on Vessels, Timber, Stores, &c. and Taxes on Acre and Foot Lots, on the North and South Sides of the River Liffey - -

Rent of Ground taken for New Ballast Office - -Received on Account oF Proprietors of North Lots, Ten perCent. on Eight Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, to the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred

Total Charge - - - £.

The Discharge:

Balance in favour of the Corporation upon the la ft Account ----- ----- -- £m

Paid for Heaving Ballast -

Expences of the South Wall - -

Serving Ballast to Shipping - -

Carpenters and other Men employed in the Gabbard Yard ——

For Timber, Cordage, Iron Works, &c. for Ballast Lighters ——

Paid Expences of the Light House ——

Pensions, and Charity to decayed Pilots and Gabbard

Men - - -....

Harbour Account ——

Incidental hxpences ——

For heaving Ballast on Shore ——

Expences of the new Hotel - -- -- -Printing, Stationary, &c. ——

Premiums and Rewards to Officers, and others - -

Rents, Taxes, Repairs, and Coals, for the Ballast and Haven Mailers Offices ——

Expences at Balbriggen Harbour ——

Superannuated Pilots ——

Salaries and Wages ——

Interest and Discount on Ballast-Office Loan - - -Ground for New Ballast-Office ——

Expences of the Blockhouse - -- -- -Paid Proprietors of North Lots ——

Expences of Dunleary Pier ——

Paid Michael Jordan, a superannuated Officer - -

Rent of the New Ballast-Office Yard - - - - . Paid Expences of Quay Walls ——

Total Discharge - - £.

Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above - - £.

The above Balance brought down - - £.

To which add.

The following Sum being an Overcast in the general Account, in the Second Quarter, under the Head of Incidents and Petty Expences, lnfuper - -

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is £,

THIS Account is accurately stated and vouched; the Ballast-Master was examined upon Oath, who declared that it is just and true in every Particular.

of June One thousand Eight hundred.

571 Debentures, at £. 100. each, at £. 4. per Cent. £. 44 Bills - - at Ditto, payable the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred,

- at £. 5 per Cent.

341 Debentures, at Ditto - at £. 6 per Cent.

3 Bills, at £. 1,000 each - at £. 5 pex Cent.

Borrowed from the Bank of Ireland on Collateral Security ——

14,654 3 2

4,076 7 10\

1 ‘4

83 1; 7

18,928 6 7k

2,257 14 8

i,710 3 4

45 *5

L939 5 10

621 4 7x

L332 7 —

335 6 1

59 2 10

108 3

327 10 5

10 M —

65 — —

92 13 11I I

*35 5 5 |

226 9*

*3 11 3

42 — —

1,109 6 4,89914 2

K

479 1 8

>5 8 5

83 lS 7

267 8 t z

16 1 3

22 15 —

55 >5 3r

16,791 4 9z

2,137 X 10

00 VO w 00 6 7i

M3 7 I IO 9

2,137 2 7

STATE of the Fu n ds of the Cor for at ion, for Preserving and Improving the Port of Du bli n, on the Twenty fourth Day

C '* *

57,ioo ——

4,400 -

34,100 — — 3,000 — —

5. Superintendent Magistrate.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Superintendent Magistrate of the City of Dublin, for Six Months, ehding the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Net Amount of House Tax colleCled - - - .

Net Receipt of Carriage T ax, Licences, and Penalties, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand

Eight hundred -....

Received from Divisional Magistrates _ -

Received for Licences to Publicans, and sundry others More, for Certificates to ditto ——

More, Fines from Watch Constables and Watchmen -

£. /. d.

4,976 10 —

2,319 1 65 38 3 11 1,410 2 8

125 11 %

*4* *7 — i

'Total Charge

- £

9,013

The Discharge:

Balance of last Account, in favour of Accountant - -

Paid Rents and Taxes ——

T radefmen's Bills ——

Incidental Expences ——

Rewards and Gratuities - .

Watch Constables and Watchmen -..

Stationary, Printing, Account Books, and Hue-and-

Cry....

Advert! fements ——

Law Business -

Coals and Candles ——

Salaries ——

Disposal of Fines ——

interest to the Superintendent Magistrate, upon the Balance of his last Account ——

Total Discharge - - £. Deduct the Charge -

Balance in favour of the Accountant - - £-

399 3

327 14

50 9 1 X %

82 17 3r

3i 7 6

4.979 X 8 i

610 3 4r

10 1 6

658 9 — f

296 14

2,180 *4 8

142 l7 _ 1 X

11 *9 4

9,781 12 -{

9,013 1 *

768 10 10

THIS Account is properly stated and vouched. The Superin- tendent Magistrate was examined upon Oath; he declared, that the Account is just and true in every Particular. The Number of the Watchmen is regularly kept full with efficient Men, agreeable to the Augmentation of the last Year, which has necessarily increased the Expence very considerably. The Licences to Pawnbrokers, which have been raised from Ten to an Hundred Pounds each, have been very productive, as many have continued at the high Licence to get off their Goods on Hand. The Estimate of last Year was, that Thirty Persons would take out Licences at an Hundred Pounds each, whereas Forty-four have done it this Year. It is intended to continue the Augmentation of the Watchmen so long in the Spring as this Surplus Fund shall last. It is probable there will be a considerable Reduction in the Carriage Duty, on account of the high Price of Hay and Oats; however, he considers the Funds will continue sufficient for the Purposes of his Establishment. The late Lord Mayor also declared, that he reviewed the Watchmen a few Days before he went out of Office: the Returns were full, the Men appeared well armed and cloathed: he examined the Constables, who gave him satisfactory Accounts relative to the Men and their Conduct, and the Whole appeared to him to be well appointed, complete in Numbers, and in good Order.

6. Roman Catholic College.

The ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic College, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Education of Persons professing the «# Popish or Roman Catholic Religion from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge: £- /. d.

Balance in favour of the Public upon the last Account 5,63! it Hi

Received from the Lords of His Majesty *s Treasury - 4,093 10

Interest on Debentures - -- 33 — —

For Kitchen Stuff, OiFals, Hides, and Skins - - - 159 xo 2I

For Grazing - -- - 64 5

Received a Donation - -- - 10 16 8

Admission Money from Scholars ----- - 900 — y

Total Charge - - £ 10,892 13 9l

41 Geo-III.

Appendix,

759

The Discharge:

Paid on Accpunt of Buildings, Furniture, and Fees on Act of Parliament ----- ---- £.

Provisions ——

Coals and Candles ——

Hay, Straw, and Oats - -- -- --Books and Stationary ——

Rent, Lodging, &c. ——

Garden Labour, and Horse Hire ——

Furniture and Utensils ——

Repairs ——

Salaries ——

Servants Wages ——

Waftnng, Labourers, &c. ——

Pollage i -....

Total Discharge - - - £. Balance in favour of the Public - -

d.

5,906 13 10 2,746 11 3i 340 15 8 34 18

39 4

9S 3

40 16

>49 — 9, 38 5

t,*33 >8 >* 148 18 4i

74 3 6

3 >8 3

3

8

10,822

70

H

10,89a 13 9i

THIS Account is properly dated and vouched. The Vice President and the Secretary were examined upon Oath; they declared, that the Account is just and true in every Particular. The Number of Students educated in the Seminary daring the lad Year, was One hundred and Fourteen upon an Average 5 and their Expences were within the Edimate laid before Parliament, The Buildings are nearly completed; and the Trustee* are indebted upon that Head to the Artificers, in the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence; which arose from the increased Price of Materials and Workmanship, between the Periods of forming the Estimates and executing the Works, and from some indispensable Works, such as Sewers, Grates, &c. which were not included in the original Edimates. This Institution appears well attenued to; and since its Commencement in November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, there have been Sixty.two Persons fully educated in the College, who are now plefully employed in various Parts of the Country.

£- a

5,420 10

si

si

7- Westmorland Lock Hospital.

N° 1.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors or Directors of the Westmorland Lock: Hospital, for One Year, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

The Charge:

Cash received from the Treasury -

Total Charge - - £. 5,420 10

The Discharge:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Accountants -.....£

Paid Salaries....

Servants Wages ——

Provisions ——

Medicines - - -....

Candles and Soap ——

Lamp Oil -

Coals ——

Beds and Bedding ——

Furniture and Utensils ——

Repairs -

Stationary ——

Rent....

Taxes -

Incidental Expences ——

Auditor General's Fees.....- - -

Total Discharge " - - £ Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above - - £

The above Balance brought down - - £

To which mull be added,

An Overcharge for Drugs in Quarter ending the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight - -

The Balance in favour of the Public then is - £ VOL 56.

S4H 6 _ 64 —

6 4

— a

4 *

8. Westmorland Lock Hospital.

N‘ a.

The AC COUNT of the Governors or Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital, for One Year, ending thq Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

Appendix, (No. 16.)

2 dMarch.

continued.

The Charge:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Cacti received from the Treasury - -

£. ' /. J. 6 42 4,597 16 —

Total Charge * - £.

4,604 — a

The Discharge:

Paid Salaries -

Servants Wages - - -Provisions - -

Medicines - -

Firing, See. - -

Beds and Bedding - -Furniture and Utensils -Repairs -

Stationary - -

Rent ——

Taxes....

Incidental Expences Auditor General's Fees -

Total Discharge - - £. Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above

721

29O 2,003 35° 425 268 169 189 21 „ 20* 12 127 4

11

.2

9

8

7

18 7

16 11

3~r

II loj

- 8 £

4,603 4 6£

— >5 7l

4,604 — 2

STATEMENT of the Number of Patients Admitted, Discharged, Cured, Died, Irregular, 8cc, and Externs, in the Westmorland Lock Hospital, from the Twenty-fifth Day of Mardi One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

From To Admitted. Di (charged Cured. Died. Irre- gular. U the Hefpiu) on 25th March. Ex- terns.

25th March 1798 - 25th March 1799 - } >»S>9 >.473 29 36 226 2,066

25 th March 1800 - >799

>799 - } >*65> >*537 S3 s* 235 2,180

' 1800.

892 6 10

721 ——

274 ——

1,538 6 4

400 13 9i 120 19 2

24 6 — 205 14 4

566 7 61

196 3 5i 251 — hi

28 5 io£

40 ——

12 3 —

138 18 5

4 —

Si

5,420 10

THESE Accounts are accurately dated and vouched. A Governor was examined upon Oath, who declared that the Institution is conduced with the utmost Attention and Economy; and the beneficial Effects of it are obvious from the above Statement of Patients.

9. House of Industry.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the Hovsi of In* dustry, for One Year, ending the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Balance in favour of the Public on the last Account ——

State of the above Balance Disallowed, Interest paid the Treasurer on Sums advanced by him on former Accounts £.808 19 10 The like, on Account ending the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven -The like, an Overcharge for Vegetables in a former Account - - -The like, for Sundries ou Account, to the Nineteenth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven

5 6

9

6 —

683 12 II

Carried forward - - £.

£ * 3,231 9

3»«ai 9 "

Appendix, (No. 16.) id March.

continued\


7 6°

Appendix*

A. 1801.

Brought forward - - £

Also a Debt due by a former Secretary, the late Samuel Paul - - - - 6li I9""

Balance of Account due by the late

Ditto, William Henderson - - - 676 3 if

Due by the late Mailer of the Works,

on his Note ----- -- 41 185!

Short Credit by Accountants in Account, to the Nineteenth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, being a Sum disallowed on a former Account - - 1 — —

Auditor's Fee on Account, to the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, charged by Accountants, but not allowed or paid - - - 10 ——

Calli Balance - C. - -- 382 2 11

Balance as above - - £. 3,221 9 —

Received, Parliamentary Grant of Session One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine - -

Received, his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant's Warrant for ——

Annual Subscriptions and Casual Benefactions By Sundries, from Brunswick-Street-Kitchen Soup-

Shop ....

Old Materials fold ——

Fines on Servants ——

Goods manufactured and sold by the Master of the

Works - - -....

Ditto done by the Children in the Asylum - -

Total Charge - - £ The Discharge:

Paid for Provisions ——

Coals, Candles, Soap, and Lamp Oil Cloathing ——

Beds and Bedding -

Infirmary Expences....

Burial' Expences - -

Rent and Taxes ——

Building and Repairs - - - .

Furniture and Utensils - -

Officers Salaries ——

Cart - -- -- --Menial Offices ——

Priming, Stationary, and Advertizing -Contingent Expences -

Materials and implements for Labour

Total Discharge - - £\ Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above - - £.

From which roust be deducted the following Sums, being the Insupers on former Accounts, which the Commissioners of Imprelt Accounts, seeing no Cause that the same should remain in Charge against the present Governors of the House of lndultry, have truck off, agreea'He to the Powers veiled in them by Act of Parliament of the last Session:

interest on sundry Sums advanced by the Treasurer ----- - -£.814

An Overcharge for Vegetables in a former Account ——

Sundries on the Account, to Tune 1707 Due by the late Mailer of the Worlcs, on his Note ——

Debt of Samuel Paul, former Secretary Ditto of William Henderson, late Ditto Short Credit by Accountants in 1797 -Auditor of Impress Fee, on the Account ending June 1797, not allowed or paid..... - -

683

611

676

1

6

12

18

19 3

10 — —

be true Balance in favour of the Public then is - £.

3,221

/. d.

9 —

9477 x9 —

1,000 — —

44 10 3x

463 17 ioi

3 *4- 6

1 10 3i

628 16 2

269 ----- --1

2,839 6 1

1,919 19 si

THIS Account is regularly Hated and vouched. — A Governor, the Secretary, and the Steward, were examined upon Oath: They declared, that the Instiution is attended to with the utmost Care; and the Commissioners of Account have Reason to believe that the Charity is conducted with the same Benefit to the Com-

15,110 *7 2 !

5*43 10 5

190 9 3

92 l9 2 >

- 253 18 8 !

- 287 *9 ioi

101 1 4

l7 8 .

- >*439 lS I

- J59 18 Si

- 39* i 18 6

- 34° 4 10 1

- *74 5 10 i

9» 11 7

213 7 2i

- J'4 16 4 i

s 615 18 10

280 18 8

10,351 11

4.759 5 4 i

15,110 >7 2

munity as in the lait Year; to their Report of which, on this Subject, they beg leave to refer.

The Commissioners likewise dated in their lait Report, that, though there appeared a Balance of Three Thousand Two Hundred and Twenty-one Pounds and Nine Shillings in favour of the Public, yet the Whole of it, except the Calli in Hands, amounting to Three Hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, being Money loll by the old Corporation, and the present Governors having no Expectation of ever being able to recover any Part thereof, it would therefore be expedient to have it (truck off from their Accounts in future, which can only be done by Act of Parliament; and accordingly an Act for the above Purpose, empowering the Commissioners of Imprelt Accounts to drike off the said Insupers (if they shall think fit) having pa/Ted in the last Session of Parliament, the Commissioners of Imprelt Accounts have Itruck off the several Sums above dated, amounting to the Sum of Two Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Six Shillings and a Penny, from their Balance, seeing no Cause why the same should remain in Charge ag&ind the present Governors of the House of Indudry.

The average Number of Paupers in the House during the lad Year, was upwards of One thousand Four hundred at a Yime. — The Boys wove Fifteen thousand Six hundred and Twenty-four Yards of Calico; and the Girls spun One thousand Six hundred and Six Pair of Stockings, besides other Works,

10. Dublin Society.

The ACCOUNT of the Dublin Soci ett, for One Year, ending the Fird Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Balance of lad Account, to answer the Engagements of the Society - - - -- -- -Parliamentary Grant, Net - -- -- -Subscriptions received....

Total Charge - - £,

The Discharge:

Premiums paid to sundry Persons £. /. d.

For Watering Ground - - - - 183 10 — Preserving Bees - - - 98 27

Sowing Oak Acorns and Chesnuts 7 10 — Rent and Expences of the Botanic

Garden - -- -- - 1,792 15 11

Total under the Head of Agriculture and Planting - \

£ '

200 ——

100 ——

66 13 —

2 5 7 —

Premiums paid to sundry Persons For Spinning on Jennies - - - -Scribbling Wool — - — Manufacturing Scribbling Cards Scouring and Spinning Worded for Hofiers ——

Making Improvements on the Canterbury Wheel -

A Machine for winding Cotton A Model of a Machine for railing

Water.....- -

Salaries, &c. - ----- - -1,122 14

Annual Allowance to the Secretary - 100 — > — Expences at the Society's Repository - 1,623 — 8 Paid Porters, See. ----- - 52

Books, Stationary, Printing, and Advertising ----- -- - 671

Podage of Letters, See.....19 18

Rent - -- --.....182 u

Contingent Expences - - - - 516 —

32 3

6 16

xi

7

6

£. 4

6,529 13 8

5*335 -

510 14 9

l2»375 8 5

2,081 18 6

Total under the Head of Manufactures, I Fine Arts, and Contingencies - - J

Balance to answet the Engagements of the So*

ciety.....£

The Charge as above - - £.

4.730 7 H

S>S&3

4i Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

State of the Funds of the Society:

Amount of Outstanding Orders - - - - £.

Amount of Engagements, on Account of Agriculture and Planting ——

Amount of Engagements, on Account of Manufactures and Fine Arts - -- -- --Average Amount of Engagements, on Account of Salaries, Kents, TradeTmens' Bills, and other Contingencies ——

300 ——

2,236 10 —

663 15 —

2,5°0 ——

Total Amount of Engagements, for the Year ending the First Day of June 1800 - -

The Balance to answer the Engagements of the Society brought down -

5,70° 5 —

5,563 2

Balance against the Society

'37 2 9i

THIS Account is properly fhted, and supported by Vouchers; and the Deposition, on Oath, of the Secretary.

11. First Fruits.

The ACCOUNT of the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament to the Trustees of the First Fruits, for Building and Re-building Churches, and for Building Glibe Houses; from Session One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, to Session One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven inclusive: As also the Balance or Insupers on the Account ending One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

The Charge:

Balance, being the Tnfupers on the lad Account, as dated and passed by the Commissioners of Account the Sixth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one ——

Grant of Selllon - -

1791 - -

1792 - -

1793 - -

1794. - -

1795 - *

1796 .

1797 - -

£- s. d.

4.850 ——

4.850 ——

4.850 ——

4.850 ——

4.850 ——

4849 14 — 4.849 14 —

33,949 8 "

Deduct, the Grant of Se.Tion One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, it being paid in Treasury Bills, not redeemable until One thousand Eight hundred and Two - £. 4,849 14 — Also the Sum paid John-don, Architect. for Plans of Churches and Glebe Houses, in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, and One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five - 273 14 4*

5>,23 8 41-

Total Charge - - £.

TheD ISCHARGK:

Expended on Churches which are

finished ----- -- - £ 24,530 ——

Appropriated for Churches building

but not finished ----- - 11,990 — —

Ditto for Churches not yet begun to be

built.....- - - - 8,140 — —

In all for Churches ——

Expended on Glebe Houses which are

finished - -- -- - 11,950 — —

Appropriated for Glebe Houses.which

are building - I>55° — —

Appropriated for Glebe Houses not yet

begun to be built ----- 3,550 — —

In all for Glebe Houses ——

Total Discharge - - £.

Deduct the Charge - -

Balance remaining - - £,

VOL. 56.

£ s. j.

25*75° ——

28,825 19 7f

4*575 l9 7\

44,660 — —

17,050 ——

61,710 — —

S4*575 l9 7i

7,134 — 4i

But it appearing, by the Certificates of the Bishopi, that a Number of the Churches (though building) have not been properly and sufficiently built, for which the several Sums were appropriated, amounting to - - - jT. 11,990 — —

And also that several Churches were not yet begun to be built, for which the Appropriations amount to - - 8,140 — —

For Churches ——

20,130 ——

It likewise appears, by the Certificates of the Bishops of the several Dioceses, that a Number of Glebe Houses are building, the Sums granted for which amount to - - - £. 1,550 — —

Also, that several Sums were granted for building Glebe Houses, which were not yet begun, amounting to - 3,550 ——

For Glebe Houses - - 5,100 ——

Making together, for Churches and Glebe Houses £. 25,230 — —

— The Commissioners of Account have placed the above Sum of Twenty-five Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty Pounds as Insuper on this Account, because the Proviso in the Act of Parliament requires the Certificates of the Bishops of the several Dioceses (that the Churches have been properly and sufficiently built) to be sufficient Vouchers for the Expenditure of the Sums appropriated by the Trustees of First Fruits

The Account will then stand thus:

The Sum remaining to be accounted for

per last Account ----- £.25,750 — —

Net Parliamentary Grants of Sessions, from One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, to One thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-six inclusive, (after deducting the Sum of Two hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, paid to Johnston,

Architect, for Plans of Churches and Glebe Houses).....28,825 19 7

£. S. d:

The Charge - - 54,575 19 7*

Deduct Appropriations allowed, being for Churches certified by the Bishops of several Dioceses to have been properly and sufficiently

built - - - - 24,530 ——

Also for Glebe Houses, finished and certified as above -

Making the whole Expenditure for Churches and Glebe Houses

11,950 ——

.36,480 —

There then remains in Charge -

H 8,095 19 ?i

THIS Account is correctly stated, and vouched, according to

the Act of Parliament.

12. Soldiers Children.

The ACCOUNT of the Hibern i an Society for Soldiers Children, from the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Received His Majesty's Bounty for

One Year ----£. 1,000 — — Parliamentary Grant - - - 1,000 — —

£ 2,000 — 1 —

Deduct, Poundage, Pells, and Fees - - 61 t 3

Received, Legacies, Donations, and Subscriptions -Collections in the Chapel -

Cows, fold ——

Butter, ditto ——

Kitchen Stuff, ditto - -

interest on Debentures ——

Total Charge - - - - £

4/.

1,938 18 9

472 18 9

— 11 1

9 2 " 6 9 4*

4 ——

12 10 —

2,444 9

9 H

Appendix, (No. 169

2 d Mar.

continued.

Appendix, (No. 16.) id Mar

continued.

Appendix. 1801.

The Disch ap.ge:

Balance upon the last Account in favour of the Accountants ——

Paid for Provisions....

Furniture and Repairs ——

j Cloathing ——

Coals, Candles, Soap, and Lamp Oil -

Infirmary and Burial Expences -

Incidental Expences ——

Stationary ——

Apprentice Fees ——

Expences of Kitchen Garden ——

Salaries and Wages ——

Total Discharge ». - - £.

Deduct the Charge -

Balance in favour of the Accountants - - £.

The above Balance brought down - £.

From which mud be deduced:

An Overcharge in James Moore's Bills* under the Head of Provisions - i — —

The like in James Molony's Bills, under

the Head of Furniture and Repairs - I — —

The Balance in favour of the Accountants then is £,

£. *

380 3 6i 1,357 7 8 156 3 H 616 7 II? 181 18 — 28 5 -4

192 — 2

57 S3 107 10 — 71 1 10

426 4 uf

3>574 *

2,444 9 uf

1,129 18

1,129 l8 14

2 —

1,127 18 li

THIS Account is properly dated, and vouched. — Annexed Is a STATEMENT of the Number of Children in the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children; for 16 Years, commencing id May 1784, and ending 30th April 1800. — Also the Number of Children admitted, apprenticed, Ac. aBd died, in the above 16 Years.

DATES commencing ift May

1784,

and ending 30th April 1S00.

1784 -

1785 -

1786 -

1787

1788 -

1789 -

1790

»79« '

1792

1793

1794 '

1795

1796

1797

1798

1799

Total in 16 Years -

Average Number of Children in School m each Year. Admitted in each Year. Apprenticed, See. in each Year. Died in each Year.

3001? 74 54 3

2.8* 101 82 2

237 A 63 66 —

244 81 56 2

260* 82 74 2

258 A 82 81 4

246 A 85 96 1

*3> Act 61 4

*31A 101 no 4

232 is 97 83 3

228* 94 100 1

230 TT 73 64 2

*31A 7« 87 2

197 A 4 44 3

19° A 97 66 5

*5* A 94 58 4

3,694 1,267 i>i8a 41

In School 1 ft May 1800 |

Total, Boys and Girls - - - 266

N.B. — Average Number of Children in School for each Year 230 4J Ditto - - Ditto of Children admitted in each Year 79 Ditto - - Ditto of Children apprenticed in eachDitto 73 Ditto - - Ditto of Children died in eachDitto - - 2 -s

13. Coal Yards, Dublin.

The ACCOUNT of the Director of the Public Coal Yards in Dublin; for One Year, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

a* S

*£ 8

O <

9

0.2

j? _2

w*fl c „

The Charge:

Insuper, on the Account ending the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three - - - - £. 139 8 8£

Cash in the Director's Hands,

/ on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine - 48 12 4}

The like Ditto, for Purchase of Coals ----- - 2,807 4 3f

Value of Coals remaining unfold 2,168 17 io|

M


Received from His Majesty's Treasury for the Purchase of Coals ——

Total Charge - - £.

The Discharge:

Paid into the Treasury, on Account of the Produce of

Coals fold.....- -

Contingent Expences ——

Auditor General's Fee ——

9

a.

*8

0 S

t 9

e

r,

Total Discharge - £.

Insuper, on the Account, ending the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three /.139 8 8£

Calli in the Director's Hands - 26 17 10

\ The like Ditto for Purchase of

Coals ----- -- 901 6 |

Value of Coals remaining unfold ----- -- 4,428 2 7

The Charge as above - - £.

/. /.

s.*^4 3 3

3,500 —

8,664 3 3

3,080 — — 88 1 —

" 74

3,168 8 — {

5*495 !S 4

8,664 3 3

THIS Account is properly stated and vouched. The Director was examined upon Oath; who declared, that the Account is just and true in every Particular: that all Articles were paid for as dated, and all Sums received duly credited.

14. Ballast Office, Belfast.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Preferring and Improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast; from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge;

Balance in favour of the Public upon the last Account Received Tonnage Duties ——

For Ballast ——

For Pilotage....

For Licences to Lightermen....

Inter eft on Money -....

Total Charge - - £

The Discharge:

Paid for railing and delivering Ballast

Pilots - -- --Perches and Bqoys - -- -- --Repairs of Lighters ——

Incidental Expences ——

Carried forward - - £

£, s. d.

1,077 5 9i 437 ‘ 4»

1,269 s 7 1,011 5 7

13 3 4*

3,810 1 8£

c 21 11

554 29 7 429 18 74 14 —

3l

1,610 7 ai

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

Brought forward - - - £,

Expences on Account of building the

Dry Dock ----- -- £. 1,293 1 9

Rent for Ditto - -- -- - 20 14

Salaries

Total Discharge - - £

Balance in favour of the Public - -

The Charge, as above - £.

£ s. d.

1 >610 1

1.313 3 1

182 7 6

3,105 *7 9i

7°4 3 11

3»8io 1

THIS Account is accurately stated, and supported by proper Vouchers.

15. Foundling Hospital.

Thi ACCOUNT of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital; for One Year, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

The Charge:

Balance in favour of the Public, upon the last Account Total Receipt of Arrears and House Tax - -

Total Receipt of Arrears and Rent ——

Received from His Majesty's Treasury - - - -- - - from Parents on obtaining their Children -

By a Legacy bequeathed by Thomas Croker, Esquire Fines from Contractors, Servants, &c. - - - -Manufactured Goods fold ——

Produce of the Garden ——

Sundry useless Articles fold ——

Total Charge - - £.

The Discharge:

Paid for Provisions -

Cloathing ——

Manufactures -

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings - -

Garden Expences ——

Miscellaneous and House Expences - -

Salaries and Wages ——

Nursing Children ——

Debt of the late Governors, paid within the Period of this Account - .

£ /. d.

809 9,

7.873 8 112

211 12 *

16,554 11

D 5° — -

6 18 ~7\

97 17 |

21 9 6

5 5 7

25.633 4 6

4.556 '5

1,908 3 5f

'>437 '5 4

97' 4 4*

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public 5 viz.

CafliBalar.ee- -

Insuper of Auditor's Fee

£.6,104 16 5I - 10 — -

121 2

1,978 II 1,880

6,446 19 .7

217 13

The Charge, as above - - £\ 2^633 4 6

THIS Account is correctly stated, and vouched; and the present Governors continue to superintend the Institution with the mmost Care. — Annexed is

' A S T A T E of the FUNDS on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred.

Balance of Estimate of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) conlracted by the former Governors up to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand £. /. </.

Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, remaining unpaid on the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

nine ----- --- -/ 349 11 »°i

Amount of Debts (excliifive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the prefer.t Governors, which remained unpaid on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundied and

Ninety-nine -.....I>779 7 11

Amount of Estimate of Wages and Arrears due to the Country Nurses, up to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine - - - ----- - 11,884 5

Carried forward

7r

!4,oi3 5 5

9 l\ 12 7 11 —

Brought forward - - - £.

Add the Expence arising for the Year, ending the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Eight hundred; Viz.

For Provisions ----- -£.5,242

Cloathing ----- -- 1,839

Manufactures - - - - 1,611

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings ----- -- - 882 3

Garden Expences - - - 121 2

Miscellaneous and HouseExpenCes 1,974 10 Salaries and Wages - - - - 977 4

Ditto for Nurses in the House,

Masters and MistrelTes in Schools and Factories - - - 902 17 9?-

Nursing Children - - - - -6,446 19 7

763

>4,013 s 5

Appendix, (No. 16.) id March.

continued.

19,998 10 iif

Debt and Expence - - - £,

Of which there is paid; viz.

For Provisions.....4,556

Cloathing ----- - 1,908

Manufactures ----- - 1,437

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings .....971

Garden Expences - - - 121

Mifccllaneousand House Expences 1,978 Paid Salaries and Wages - - -1,880

Nursing Children - - - - -6,446 Part of the Debts of the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, contracted by the former Governors - -- - 54 13 —

Total paid - -

3^,011 16 4-I-

15

3

4

2

ir

2

l9

8M

sil

2i

4f|

5

2

2

7

119>3$5 7 1

£.14,656 9 3f

19,518 8 — £

6,114 Si

The Debt therefore remaining unpaid, on the Twenty- fourth of June One thousand Eight hundred, is asl follows: Viz.

For the Balance of the Estimate of Debts of the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, contracted by former Governors - - - - £. 294 18

Provisions ----- - 1*655 *8

Cloathing - - - - 234 12

Manufactures ----- - 409 12

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings ..... 23 13-

Garden Expences,

Miscellaneous and HouseExpences 153 9 —

10

4t

3i

2

N urfing Children - - - - 11,884

Amount of the Debt on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, as above

To answer which, there are depending the following Sums: Viz.

Insupers, on Account, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six - - £. 76

The like on Ditto, to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine -

Balance due by Jocelyn Philips, a Collector, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six - -

Legacy left by Lady Desart -

Balance of Legacy left by Mrs. Knigh:

Ditto - - Ditto by Theobald Bourke,

Esq. ——

Amount of Rent due by the late Richard Curtis ——

Ditto of House Tax, appearing by the Receipts of several Collectors, and the Books of the late Supervisor, to have been received and not accounted for, up to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine ——

114^656 9 3j

10 —

10 ——

- 18 5

200 —

50 —

82 5 —

58 is 4

i,c6o 9 7

— I

Total Amount of Insupers and Bad Debts Balance due by the late Treasurer, up to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred -Amount due by difmifi'cd Collectors of House Tax, for their Receipts brought in during the Collection of the Year, ending the Twenty-fourth of june On« thousand Eight hundred, which Sums appear I to have been unaccounted for by them -

G519 4 639 5 3

i*9 5

4*

Carried forward - - - ,£[*>*87 11 "»

VOL. 56.

Appendix.

A. 1801:

Appendix, (No. 16.) id March.

conliMueJ.

Brought forward - - - £.

Amount of Balances of House Tax remaining in the Hands of several Collectors, on the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Eight hundred - -

Amount of Arrears of House Tax depending in the Hands of several Collectors, on the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Eight hundred -

Rent of E(late outitandirg on Ditto - - Ditto -Balance of Calli remaining on Ditto - - Ditto In Aid of which, and towards defraying the Expence of maintaining the Institution, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One, there was granted by Parliament, during the Session of One thousand Eight hundred, the Sum of (including Pells and Poundage, no Part of which w as received on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred) ——

Total Funds depending - - £

In consequence of the Representation of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital, that certain Parts of their Funds are totally unproductive and irrecoverable, the Commissioners of Im-prest Accounts have (truck off the following Sums, pursuant to the Powers veiled in them by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; viz.

Insupers, on the Account to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six ——

Ditto on Ditto, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety nine -

A Balance due by Jocelyn Philips, a Collector, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six - -Rent due by Richard Curtis, who is

dead, upwards of Twenty Years - 38 18 4

Amount of dismissed Collectors Receipts, for House Tax, brought in to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine ---. ----- -1 >060 9 7

£.7010 —

10 ——

- 18 5

The Amount of the Funds then is -

Dedud the Debt, as above -

Balance in favour of the Charity - - - £.

2,287 11 ni

221 5 3

580 3 7 80 14 — 6,104 16 Si

9,300 ——

18,374 11 3

1,186 16 4

17,387 1411 14.636 9 3i

2.731 5 7s

16. Boyne Navigation, Seventh Account.

The SEVENTH ACCOUNT of Money expended by the Rive a Boynb Company, in carrying on the Boyne Navigation: from the Twentieth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, to the Twenty-seventh Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, passed in relation to Inland Navigations.

The Charge:

Received by Debentures on the Sixth Account, which proved the Company had expended, of their proper Money, the Sum of £.769. 7/. 5*/. - -

£- 300 — —

The Discharge:

Paid Contractors, Talkers, and Labourers, per Returns to the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four - - £.

N. B. — The above Sums were disallowed on the lad Account, for want of the Returns being signed, or the Payments ordered by the Directors of the River Boyne Company; but are now perfected, and fully vouched.

Paid Contractors, Talkers, and Labourers, from the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, to the Eighth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

fix ....

Officers Salaries -

Incidental Expence* ——

Total Discharge - - £.

From which mull be deducted:

The Charge for Parliamentary Bounty on Sixth or last Account, on £. 769. 7 /. 54/. - -

To which mult be added:

The Balance of the Sixth or lait Account, on which Bounty was not received....

Net Expenditure, on which Bounty is now claimed £,

C /. 4.

687 8 9

833 12 1

435 —

28 3 4

1,984 4 z\

300 — —

1,684 4 *£ 169 7 5

,853 11 7I

THIS Account is properly dated, and vouched. The Secretary, Accountant, and Engineer, were examined upon Oath; who declared, the Money was honedly expended, and the Account jud and true. They also declared, that though the Line of the Navigation from Drogheda to Trim, according to the Plan laid before Parliament, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, has not been ftriCMy adhered to in the Execution of the Works, inasmuch as they have deserted the Bed of the River, and made a Still.Water Canal, yet this Deviation from the original Plan was adopted from Motives of Economy, and founded on Experience 5 and by so doing, the Canal will probably be executed, to Trim, Twelve Thousand Pounds under the original Estimate, and be more serviceable, by not being subjetl to Winter Floods, or other Inconveniencies attending a River Navigation; and will also make the Navigation from Drogheda to Trim shorter than by the original Plan.

R. CT. Herbert. (l. s.)

Tho. Burgh. (l. s.)

Will. Rowley. (l. $.)

Rich* Magenis. (l. s.)

Office of Public Accounts, Dublin,

31st January 1801.

41 Geo. HL Appendix*

A LIST of ACCOUNTS paised by ths Commissioners of Accou nt; mentioned in their Tv*enty-fifth Report}

dated the 31st Day of January 1801.

Balances in the Hands of Accountants. Over-expended by Accountants* Debts of Corporations.

Account of the £ S. jr. s. d £. s. d

I. Governors of Saint Patrick's Hospital, to the 24th Day of June 1800 — — 80 xi 41

2. Solicitor for Forfeited Estates, to the ift Day of August 1800 - 3 66 1 6

3- Directors and Commissioners for Paving, &c. to the 25th Day of March 1800 2,280 16 9 — — 68,000 — —

4- Ballast Office, Dublin, to the 24th Day of June 1800 - - 2,137 7

5- Superintendent Magistrate, to the 24th Day of June 1800 - - - 768 10 10

6. Trustees of the Roman Catholic College, to the 25th Day of March 1800 - -- 70 5 81

7- Governors or Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital, to the 24th Day of March 1799 - - - 6 4 *

8. The fame, to 24th March 1800 ----- -- — >5 7 ♦

9* Governors of the House of Induilry, to the 25 th Day of March 1800 - -- - - i»9'9 >9 3 »

10. Dublin Society, to 1 ft June 1800 ----- - 5,563 2 2}

11. Commissioners of First Fruits, Grants of Sessions, 1791, 1792* 1793* >794* *795» 7 96* and >797 18,095 19 7 I

12. Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children, to the 31st Day of March 1800 t 1,127 18 1 i

*3- Director of the Public Coal Yards in Dublin, to the 24th Day of June 1800 5.49S >s

»4- Ballast Office, Belfast, to 25th March 1800 - - - 704 3 11

>5- Governors of the Foundling Hospital, to the 24th Day of June 1800 - - - -- -- - 6,114 16 5 s

NAVIGATIONS:

Account of the

16. River Boyne Company, from the 20th Day of April 1795, to the 27th Day of December 1797. — Seventh Account - - - - 1,853 11 ?!

Appendix, (No. 16.)

id Marc.

ctnntuuJ.


VOL. 56.

9 1

Ao

j66

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (No. 16.) id March.

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the RECEIPTS and DISBURSEMENTS of the Commissioner* o* Accounts; for

One Year, ending the 25th Day of December 1800.

RECEIPTS:

To Balance on Hands on the 25th Day of December 1799 To Amount of a Treasury Warrant, dated 21st January } To the like ----- -- dated 16th October

| 1800

Total Receipts

DISBURSEMENTS:

By Paid the under-mentioned Officers, One Year's Salary each, to the 25th Day of December 1800; Viz.

John Heard and Jofias Dunn, Esqrs. Solicitors ——

Mr. George Carre, First Clerk in the Secretary's Office ——

Mr. Darby Kehoe, Second Clerk in Ditto - - -....

Mr. Peter Montfort, Clerk of the Commissioners Receipts and Disbursements -

Mr. William Jones, Server of Precepts and Notices ——

Bernard Gaynor, Office Keeper ——

Rose Gaynor, House Keeper Michael Ryan,

Richard Watson, S* McfTengers William Kehoe,

bn, S* McfTengers < e, )- - - -(

By paid One Female Servant, One Year's Wages and Board Wages -

By paid Robert Langrifhe, Esq. One Year's Allowance in Lieu of Apartments, See. to the 25th December 1800 ——

By paid William Whistler, as an Extra Clerk in the Secretary's Office By Paid Michael Kelly, Andrew Kennedy, and John Henry, as Extra Clerks in the Examinator's Office ——

By paid Andrew Caldwell, Esq. One Year's Rent for the Account Office, due and ending ifi November 1800 ——

By paid Fees on a Treasury Warrant - - dated 21st January 1 - C -

By paid the like on - - Ditto - - - - dated 16th October J \ -

- to 24th June - -

By paid One Year's Workhouse Tax

By paid One Year's Minister's Money - - to 29th September / -

By paid One Year's Church Cess - - - to - Ditto - - V1799^ By paid Grand Jury Cess ----- - Michaelmas Term 1 -

By paid Two Year's Militia Bounty Money, to - - - - J -

By paid Parish Clerk's Dues.....to Easter - - -1 -

By paid One Year's Paving and Lighting Tax, to 25th March - I *Jg0Q

By paid One Year's Pipe Water Money - - to - Ditto - - J -

By paid One Year's Watch Tax - - - - to 29th September J -

By paid One Year's Hearth Tax - -

By paid One Year's Window Ditto -

- to 25th March

- to - Dittto

.}1801 {

By paid Christopher Byrne, for Coals ——

By paid Richard Phepoe, for Soap and Candles ——

By paid Mcflrs. King, Watson, Sec. for Stationary ——

By paid Richard Verfchoyle, Esq. for Parchment for Examinator's Office -

By paid James and John Clark, for Smith's Work ——

By paid MefTrs. Jones and Hill, for English Newspapers ——

By paid William Browne, for Irish Ditto ——

By paid Michael Ryan, being Petty Incidental Disbursements made by him for the Use of the Office

By paid Pollage of Letters ....

800 — — 500 -

jr. s. d.

50 ——

120 ——

80 — —

50 ——

30 ——

40 ——

40 ——

40 ——

25 ——

25 ——

500

24

34 2 6

»4 S Si

— 7 — i

- 7 — r

416 8

— 6 8

- 2 8}

6----

92 — 8711

67 7 6

'4 3

138 14 ioi

32 IO ---

M 8 II 16 IO — 21 15 8

27 18 si 19 16 1

Total Disbursements - - -Bal a nce unexpended on the 23 th Day of December 1800 - -

£ ' d.

32 9 ?

i>3°? — —

M32 9 7

£ ' <<

524 ——

200 — —

48 7 Hi 65 16 3

— 14 ‘

39 >S

352 2 9

1.230 l7 —

IOI 12 7

1.33* 9 7

Certified 30th December 1800.

Peter

Clk. Rec‘* & Disbursem".

R. T. Herbert.,

'Tho. Burgh Rich. Magenis.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the MONIES, given for the Service of the Year iSoo, have been Disposed of; distinguished

under the several Heads.

SERVICES.

C ' d.

444>o°o ——

456.000 -

720.000 " —

121,5 jo — — 115,625 ——

— Navy: —

for W ages of 120,000 Men, including 22,696 Marines, for Two Luner Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1000, at £. 1. 17/. per Man per Month -

For Victuals of the said 120.000 Men, for the same Time, at 1. 18/. per Man per Month -

For Wear and Tear of Ships, for the same Time, at £.3 per Man per Month ——

For the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy,/ for the same Time ——

for the Extraordinary Establishment of D°, for the same Time For Wages of 110,000 Men, including 22,696 Marines, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1S00, at £. 1. 1 js. per Man per Month - - 2,238,500 — —

for Victuals for the said 110,000 Men, for the same Time, at

£ 1. 18 j. per Man per Month - 2,299,000 — —

For Wear and Tear of Ships, in which the said 110,000 Men are to serve, for the same Time, at the Rate of £. 3 per Man per Month ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the same Time - -

Towards the Buildings, Re-brildlnos, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the same Time ——

For the probable Expence of the Transport Service, for One Year, commencing the ift Day of January 1800 For the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for the same Time ——

For the Care and Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for the same Time - -

SUMS Voted or Granted.

s. d.

3.630.000 " — 6S5429 13 ll

656,515 ——

1.300.000 -

500,000 — —

90,000 — 7 —

-Ordnance:

said

120,000

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the Men are to serve, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1800, at the Rate of 5*. per Man per Month ----- ---- £. 60,000 — —

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 110,000 Men are to serve, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day ot February 1800, at the Rate of 5J. per Man per Month -For the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Months of January and February 1800 For the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for Ten Months, from the ift Day of March to 3 ift December 1800 ——

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1798 -

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1799 -

- 302,5000 — —

350,000 ——

1,127,960 13 3

33,6; 1 11 $

184.324 13 3

— Forces ——

For defraying the Charge of 90,047 Effe&ive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in Holland, from the 25th Day of December 1799, to the 24th Day of February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days - -- -- - 510,596 — —

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Giorakar, in Minorca, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps ot Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th Day of December 1799* to the 24th Day of February 1800, bo.h inclusive, being 62 Days - 166,480 — —

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, including the Embodied Provisional Cavalry, for the same Time -For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Coros of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corp* of Fencible Infantry, for the same Timt

SUMS

Paid.

Remains to be Paid*

d.

i3»256>579 ‘3 11

2,058,456 17 11

92,635 ——

232,998 ——

Borne forward

£.1,002,709 ——

*3»*S6, S79 *3 11

1,280,500 — —

15,315,036 11 10 *4*537*079 >3

777>956 17 11

777>9>6 17 m

Vo 1. 56.

Appendix,

(No. 17.)

id March.


Appendix, (No. 17.) id March.

entintud.

SERVICE continued*

fcrought forward - - £. 1,002,709 — - —

►Force i*~*cmtinued.-

*»337>iS9 8 8

For defraying the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subfittcncfc to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, from the 25th Day of December 1799, to 24*h February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days - ----- - 40,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Matter General's Department, for the same Time ----- -- 120,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of 80,275 Effective Men, Tor Guards,

Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney; — including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, with the additional Allowances to Subalterns, &c.; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mattersfrom the 25th Day of February 1800, to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days -

For maintaining the Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, in Portugal, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Walesincluding, the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men; with the additional Allowances to Subalterns, &c.; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters; — for the same Time - 1,004,480 13 6

for defraying the Charge of the Difference between the Britishi and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service Abroad; f rom the 25th Day of December 1799* to the 24th Day of December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days - - 42,901 19 —

For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Sixteen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; — for the same Time - ... - 24,558 3 8

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting, and Contingencies, for His Majesty's Land Forces, and the Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1800 - - 530,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1800 - - 105,054 7 ir

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, of Two Regiments of Irish Militia, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry; from the 25th Day of February 1800, to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days - - 1,306,121 16 5

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1800 - -- -- - 50,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, for the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and for two Regiments of Irish Militia on the British Establishment; for the Year 1800 - 127,061 13 2

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Myieiiv's Forces, from the 25th Day ot December 1799,to :*ie Day of December 1800, both inclusive, l>ting 365 Days - 26,280 14 6

For the Allowances to the Pavmatter General of His Majesty's Land Forces, to the Commissary General of the Mutters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay matter General, for the Year 1800 - -- 105,747 3 6

For defraying the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subfittence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, from the 2<;th Day of February 1800, to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days - 140,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of the Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Ma-jettv's Land Forces in Great Britain, in Lieu of Small Beer 5 from the 25th Day of March 1800, to the 24th Day ot December following, both inclusive - 120,000 — —

Borne forward

£:,082,0-5 — 4

SUMS

Voted or Granted.

£. s. d.

15.315,036 it 10

15,315,036 ii 10

SUMS

Paid.

-r. d.

i4»537*079 J3 11

Remains to be

Paid.

r4*537»c79 13 11

777-956 *7 11

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

769

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid.

SERVICE S — continued. £. s. A £ ' d- £ /. d.

Brought forward - - £.7,082,07$ — 4 15, 3*5.036 11 10 i4*S37*°79 >3 11 777,9s6 17 11

— F okce t — 1continueds — *

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty'sLand Forces and Marines, for the Year 1 Boo - 13^979 7 1

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to One private Gentleman of the Two TroOps of Horse Guards, and to One Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1800 - - - 10 12 11

On Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1800 - 1,000 — —

tlpon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1800 - 52,500 — —

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1800 - - - - 7,500 * — —

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the ExpenCes of the said Hospital, for the Year 1800 - - - 143,310 7 3

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame*for the Year 1800 - - - - 20,231 12 —

For defraying the Charge of the Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1800 - - 574,000 " —

For defraying the Charge of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, in the Barrack Master General's Department, from the 25th Day of February 1800, to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days 3S9»334 — ~

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain* for the Year 1800 ----- 471,128 12 3

To defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army, for the Year 1800 - - - - 2,500,000 — — 11,350,079 11 10 11,350,079 II 10

For defraying the Charge of 12,000 Men of the Troops of the Elector of Bavaria in the Pay of Great Britain, to the ift Day of April 1801, pursuant to Treaty 566,688 lO' — 501,017 6 — 65.671 4 —

To enable His Majesty to make such Allowances as may be necessary for the Purpose of ensuring, at an early Period, the Benefit of a vigorous Co-operation against France, in consequence of the Engagements which His Majesty is concerting with the Emperor of Germany, EleCior of Bavaria, and other Powers of the Empire - - - 500,000 — — 500,000

To enable His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into with the Emperor of Germany ----- - 1,500,000 — — 1,066,666 13 4 433*333 6

To enable His Majesty to make good such Sums as have, or will become due, in the course of the present Year, in consequence of Engagements with the Emperor of Russia - - - - . - . - 545,494 54S>494

pay off the Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Income, and which are now outstanding - - - . 11,506,250 — — 2,506,250 — —

To pay off the Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid or Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and of another Act, made in the said 38th Year, for granting Duties of Customs on Goods Imported and Exported, and which are now outstanding - -- 1,079,74° — — ¥ I>°79>74°

For paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, * An A<5k for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament 1,914,000 — — 1,914,000 — —

Borne forward - - - £. V — tr 35,177,288 13 8 34,000,327 5 1 1,276,961 # 7

Appendix (No. 17-) <xd March.

cmtimej.

77°

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 17.)

a dMarch. cmouruL

SERVICE S — continued\

Brought forward - - £.

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from the ift Day of January to the 3 ift Day of December 1800 For ----- - Da ----- - of the Province of Nova Scotia

in America, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1800 -

For* - -.-V-D* - -- - of the Province of New Bruns-

wick in America, from the 24th Day of June 1800, to the 24th Day of June 1801 For --4-. -of the Istand of St* John in America, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1800 -

For - -- - D° - -- - of Cape Breton in America,

from the 24th Day of June r8oo to the 24th Day of June 1801 -

For ----- -D#----- of Newfoundland in America,

from the ift Day of April 1800 to the ift Day of April 1801 ——

For.....D*.....of the Bahama Islands in Ame-

rica, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1800 -

For - - z - - D° - -fc - - - - of the Bermudas or Somers

1(lands, from the 24th Day of June 1800, to the 24th Day of June 1801 -

For' - - - - D# - -- - of Dominica, from the ift Day

of January to the 31st Day of December 1800 For - - - -- -D°.....of New South Wales, from

Settlements on the

Day of October 1800 -maintaining, and supporting of Africa -

Year, to the 31st Day of December i8eo - -

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Year 1800 For the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, and Cor-fican Emigrants, certain Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalist

the Year 1800

Sum granted by Parliament for that Service Todischarge Bills that may be drawn on the Lords Treasury, for the Service of the Settlement of 1799, and will become due in the Year 1800 For defraying the Charge of the Superintendence according to the Provisions of an Act, passed i, Majesty's Reign -For defraying the Expences of Confining, Mainta at Home, for the Year 1800 -

the National Debt....

r paying interest on sundry Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several . of the 37th, 38th, and 39th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty -> make good the Sums paid for Discount on Prompt Payments of the Loan Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1799 -

)r paying interest due to the Governbr and Company of the Bank of Engl on the Sum of /. 561,303. gj. 2d, to the 3d Day of September 1799 which Day the said Principal was discharged - -

0 make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for receiving the Co buttons to the Loans and Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1799 -

ir defraying the Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin the Year 1799 -

0 make good the Charges of Preparing and Drawing the Lottery, grant© the Service of the Year 1799 ——

and Incidental Expences of the said Commission it His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 17991 the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Service awards defraying the Expence incurred, or to be incurred, for

King's Bench Prison.....-

awards defraying the Expence to be incurred for the Police Oi in the Year 1800 ——

Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1800

Borne forward -

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid.

£ * d* 35,277,288 13 83 £ * J-4,000,327 s 1 £' ! 1,276,961 8 7

26,203 3 — 26,203 3 —

7.950 7.95°

5,540 5.540

4,650 4,65°

I>9°° 1,900 — —

1,840 — — 1,840

,.^4° 1,640 .

4.100 4,100

580 — — 5 fh —

600 — — ----- - 600 —

6,309 16 8 6,309 16 8

20,000 — — 30,000 — —

4.000 150,000 — — 4,000 — 100,293 12 10 49.706 7 %

242,798 5 1 239,208 5 i 3.590 — —

7.574 6 3 7,574 6 3

24.074 — 24,74

6,369 — — 6,369

32,353 16 ji 21,070 19 11,28a 17

200,000 — 200,000 — _

633,176 15 6\ 633.176 is 6-

163,368 13 10 163,368 13 10

1 39,6751310 39.67S 10 -

15,907 2 n 15,9°7 2 i j

3.33819 4 2,338 '9 4

12,000 — _ ,

1 1,805.9 — 1,805 9 _

13,779 — 3,779

7,000 — — 5,coo 2,000 —

3>oooo f r 8,000 3,009 — __ 8,000 —

36,925,82216 — i 135,581,102 3 u i>3<4.7* 13 i{

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

16,000 ——

177

6 6

348 3 9

*,482 16 —

2,646 9 6

SERVICE S — continued*

Brought forward - - £.

for defraying the Expences attending the Purchase of a House in Abingdon Street, for depo Citing the Journals of the H6ufe of Commons -For defraying the Expence of the Office of Commissioners for American Awards, for the Year 1800 ——

For defraying the Expence incurred for Repairs at the Marshalsea Prison -To make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Matthew Martin, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Relief of St. Domingo Claimants, and which has not been made good by Parliament -

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Messrs.

Laurie and Whittle, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Printing Impressions of the Plan of the proposed Wet Docks in the Port of London, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to George Rose, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences attending the Parliament Office, and which has not been made good by Parliament - -

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Expence of additional Clerks in the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accompts, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay the Expences of the Police Office in Wapping, and which has not been made good by Parliament -To make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Re-' ceipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Representatives of Edward Blackstock, Esq. for completing the 34th Volume of the Manuscript Journals of the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales, and which became due in 1797, being the Excess of the Sum granted for that Purpose, and which has not been made good by Parliament -To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill drawn by Sen-house Wilson, Esq. from the Isle of Man, to complete the Pier at Douglas Harbour, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Howard, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Relief of Toulonefe Emigrants, not included in the Estimate for the Year 1799, and which has not been made good by Parliament -To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Master Henry Nettleship (Clerk to the Grocer's Company) at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Expence of puhlishing Weekly the Average Price of Muscovado Sugar, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, our of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to be by him paid over to Mrs. Matthews, for Copper Coin provided by her for the Use of the Settlement of New South Wales, and which has not been made good by Parliament -To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Messrs.

Colquhoun and Harriot, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expences of a Police Office at Wapping, and which has not been made good by Parliament -

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Geo.

Brown, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty'> Civil List Revervues, for Surveying Roads in North Britain, and which has not been made good by Parliament -

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esq. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for an additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts, and which has not been made good by Parliament

Appendix* (No. 17.) 2d March.

continue J.

9OO — ---

9OO --- —

I TO 17 9

9,760 13 10

25J 9 —

9OO — —

448 13 —

697 7 —

797

6S0 l8 —

827 ia —

Borne forward - - -£36,133 l7 1*

36,936.994 >6 -135, S»7,*49 7

it

t.349.24S

x§

VOL. 56.

Appendix, (No. 17.) % d March.

ccrJimri _________

SERVICE S — continued.

Brought forward ... £.36,133 17 10

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esq. nt the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Hi*

Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of Expences of the Settlement of New South Wales, and to discharge Bills for Stationary for Public Service at Norfolk Island and New South Wales, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

i77 iS

Tc make good the like Sum which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Clerks of the House of Commons for Attendance on Public Committees, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

370 9 6

To be applied, to the Satisfaction of the Parties interested, for the Losses they may have sustained in consequence of the Destruction of the several Ships The Aurora, The Mentor, and The Lark, and their respective Cargoes, referred to in His Majesty's Most Gracious Message to the House of Commons, of the 12th Day of February i8co ---- - - - - *

For defraying the Expence of a Royal Military Asylum, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers ——

To be issued to the Executors of the late Sir William Chambers, to enable them to discharge sundry Bills remaining due to different Workmen, for Works done at Somerset Place ——

To make good the Fees paid on the Receipt of £.41,4.00, voted in the present Session of Parliament, as Compensation to several Persons for their Losses in consequence of the DestruClion of certain Ships and their Cargoes from Mogador -

To discharge Bills drawn from New South Wales, and which will become due in the Course of the Year 1800 -

Towards liquidating the Demands of the Saint Doniingo Claimants

To discharge the Demands outstanding for Balances of Accounts for Surveys, Sec. made by the Direction of the late Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Woods and Forests ——

To defray the Expence of Printing the Journals of the House of Lords

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -

For the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1800

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade ——

To be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the Year 1800 ——

To be paid to Master John Davis, upon his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of his Method of cleaning and purifying Wheat damaged by Smut, and rendering it fit for the Food of Man -

For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and

Bridges in North Britain, lor the Year 1800 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1799

To enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigency of Affairs may require ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1798, at Lady Day i8co ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 179S, at Michaelmas 1800 ——

For the Charges and Expences of Preparing and Drawing the Lottery 1800, and for taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in Lieu thereof

To be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them paid over to the several Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1800 - -

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid.

£. £ ' d £ *. d.

36.936,99+ l6 — 35,587,249 7 11 1>349>745 8 if

36,682 2 4? 36,684 3 4}

41,400 — — 41,400

25,000 — - — 25*000 — _

2|j5o 2,550

1,048 18 6 1,048 18 6

30,000 — — 30,000

50,000 18,000 — — 32*000 — —

1,000 — — 1,000 — —

1,024 4 3 1,024 4 3

3,000 — — 3,000 — —

3,000 — — 3)°°o " "

5,000 — — 5,000

1,500 — — I)5oo

1,000 — — 1,000 — —

4,500 — 4>5co

447.039 4 — i 447#°39 4 —

1,400,000 1,400,000 — —

61,304 18 10 61,304 18 10

287,000 — — 287,000 —

12,000 — I^jOO — — 10,500 — — .

500,000 — 500,000 — —

39.851,044 4 — 37,640,798 15 11 2,210,245 ® ish

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

773

PAYMENTS for other Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year:

£- *

For Interest on Exchequer Bills, raised per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 68.

D° - - - Du - - -.....- - - 69.

D° ----- ----- -- - Self. 2.-4.

D3 ----- ----- 39 & 40 Geo. III. - 33.

For Discount to the Contrib\itors for Prompt Payments to Loan £.20,500,000.

D° - -- -- - to Lottery 1800

To the Bank of England, for receiving and paying Contributions to Loan £. 20,500,000.

I> ----- - Subscriptions to Lottery 1800 - - .

Tt» John Farhill, Esq. Secretary to the Commi (Boners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries of the Olticers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission ——

To the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills ——

To John Wilmot, Esq. for a Clerk employed on various Businesses and References relative to American Claims

For Interest on Exchequer Bills, per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 70. (this Sum was made good last Session)

305,484 7 2

177*33° »8 16 17,518 14 7

902 14 6

1,000 ——

132 3 6

Appendix, (No. 17.) id March.

continued*

502,368 18 7

ISI>643 16 8

654,012 15 3

WAYS and MEANS for Answering the foregoing SERVICES:

4 s. per Lib. on Pen Hons, Offices, &c. ——

Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1800 ——

Bv Lottery - *.....(A.)

Part of Loan of £. 20,500,000. - - - " - - - - (B.)

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund ——

Income Duties ——

Duties on Goods Exported and Imported - ....

The Sum advanced by the Bank of England for the Extension of their Charter - -

Intereil of Land Tax redeemed by the Transfer of Stock...£.89,000 — — 1

D° ----- -- by Payments in Money ----- - 1,632 3 8 j

By Exchequer Bills on Aids 1801 - - *....

Amount of SUMS Voted -

SURPLUS - - . - £.

£. s. d. 2,000,000 — — 750,000 — — 826,250 — — 18,500,000 — — 5,200,000 — — 5,300,000 — 1,250,000 ---- —

3.000. 000 — —

90,632 3 8

3.000. 000 — —

39,916,882 3 8

39,851,044 4

___£

X

65*837 19 7f

(A.) £. 326,250. Part of the above Sum of £. 826,250. raised by Lottery, is applicable to the Services of 1800; the remaining £ 500,002.

being for the Payment of the Prizes.

The SUMS under-mentioned were also Granted in 1800, but were not for the Service of the Year:

(B. j £'2 ,000,000. Part of £. 20,500,000. were for the Service of Ireland.

£. 3,500,000. in Exchequer Bills, were raised per Act 39 & 40 Geo. III. Cap. 102. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap^69- " -

£. 3,000,000. in Exchequer Bills, were raised per Act 39 ic 40 Geo. III. Cap. 103. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills per Att 39 Geo. III. Cap. 70.

‘ To satisfy the SUMS Unpaid, there Remains in the Exchequer, and to be Raised, as follows:

In Contributions so Loan - *

Duties on Income -

Surplus Consolidated Fnnd

Duties on Goods Imported and Exported

Deduct the Amount of Exchequer Bills outftandirigV charged thereon - - - 4

By the Amount of Payments for Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year

Amount of SUMS remaining to be Paid > SURPLUS -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, I 27th February 1801. j

VOL. 56.

Joseph Aback,

200 — —

3,482,998 —

3,858,496 — 10

- 195,476 11 4f

8 5 3 7»17° 6

- 6,915,100 — —

1,622,070 12 6

- 654,012 15 3

£ 2,276,083 7 9

£ 8,210,245 8 if

£ 65.837 J9

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

tb March.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty's CIVIL LIST REVENUES,

pursuant to Addresses; and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Foden, Esq. towards enabling him to prosecute a Discovery made by him of a Chrystal-line Paste, as a Substitute for Wheat Flour in all Purposes of Manufacture where Wheat Flour is used ——

To George Whittam, Gent, for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons of the Three lall Sessions of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of Printing the same -

To John Clementson, Esq. Deputy Serjeant at Arms, for his Attendance on the House of Commons during the last Session - - - ....

To Charles Abbot, Esq. to be distributed to sundry Persons employed under the Direction of the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Records of the Kingdom -

To Charles Bragge, Esq. for his Services to the House of Commons in the last Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House ——

To Samuel Dunn, Esq. for making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons from the 45th Volume ——

To Jeremiah Dyfon, Esq. to make up the Deficiency of his Allowance as Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons during the Sessions 1799 — 1800 ——

To Charles Rossi, Statuary, (being the Second Payment) for erecting a Monument in St. Paul's Cathedral to the Memory of Captain Faulkner ——

To Henry Thornton, Esq. for the Relief of the Poor‘of the Parishes St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, Mile End, New Town, and Christ Church, Spitalfields - -

To Luke Hansard, Gent, for Printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, for the Use of the House of Commons ——

To Thomas Banks, Statuary, (being the Second Payment) for erecting a Monument in St. Paul's Cathedral to the Memory of Captain Richard Rundle Burgess, who fell in the Naval Engagement of the nth October 1797 ——

To John Nichols, Esq. for the Expence of Printing and Delivering the Votes of the House of Commons for the last Session of Parliament in 1800 ——

€ s. d

500 — —

570 ——

224 10 —

L095 ——

1,301 9 —

300 — — .

38* —

1,480 14 —

6,603 — —

7>»49 *3 3

1,848 12 — 350 6 —

21,808

6 3

Exchequer, the 9th March 1801

James.

1

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His MAJESTY'S FOREIGN and other SECRET

SERVICES; for Nine Months; to the 31st December 1801

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services - - -: -

Dedud —

For the Charge on the Estimate of the Civil List

Already voted for this Service for the Months of January, Februafy, and March 1801.

£. 75.000

25.000

£ sojoooo

35.000 £ 15*000

Fifteen Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 9th of March 1801. 3

Charles Long,

III.

Appendix

77 5

41 Geo.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of FranceToulonefe and Corsican EmigrantsCertain Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyaliffs: For Nine Months; to the 3 ill December 1801, indufive.

Appendix, (No. 18.)

9 tk March.

continued.


For the Relief of Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Year 1801 -For Pen lions and Allowances to American Loyalists, for the Year 1801 For Toulonefe Emigrants, for the Year 1801 - -

For St. Domingo ClaimAts, for the Year 1801 -

£ >80,774

35.000

18.000 35»oooo

£ 268,77a - Total of Estimate for the Year 1801.

Voted on the 24th November 1800, for these Services, for the Months of January, February, and 1

March 1801 - - - -.....j 60,000

Ellimated further Sum that will be necessary for the remainder of the Year

Treasury Chambers, 1 March 9th i8oiu J

Two Hundred and Eight Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-two Pounds.

Charles Lang.

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for PUBLIC SERVICES from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the General Heads of Service fot winch ' any of the said Monies were advanced; and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head relpeflively.

/ / d

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public

Accounts ----- -.....2,482 16 —

Matthew Martin, Esq. towards carrying into Effect a Plan for inquiring into the Mendicity of the

Metropolis - -- -- -- 5 00 "

Edward Ogle, Esq. et al. for Expences incurred upon a Plan for the Improvement of the Port of

London - -- -- - - -- -- - 253 12 7

Thomas Brodie, Esq. for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords - - - n6 16 —

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to discharge Fees on passing Public Accounts ----- - 3>S00 — "

George Rose, Esq. for Expences at the Parliament Office, in Session 1800 ----- 374 4 8

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay Bills drawn on Account of New South Wales, due in the Year 1800,

being the Excess of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose - - - 6>75^ 10 5

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay Billsdrawn from New South Wales, due in 1801 - 7>901 10 4

James Wyatt, Esq. to pay Artificers employed in various Works about the Houses of Parliament - 2,000 — —

William Pollock, Esq. to pay Fees on passing a Commission appointing Commissioners to inquire into

the State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison - -- - 175 3 2

William Chinnery, Esq. for Medicines sent to New South Wales ----- -- 895 16 —

Lord Wallingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Co/mninees of the House of Peers in the

Session 1799 — 1800. ----- ----- --- - 2,701 9 —

*7-657 >8 *

v' Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

9th Ma ch 1801.

Charles Long.

Vol. $

Appendix, (No. 19.) 10 tb March.

An ACCOUNT of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, at the First Day of January 1801;

so far as the same can be ascertained.

Treasury Bills, payable 24th June 1801

----- ----- -- payable 24th July 1801

.....* payable 25th December 1801 -

Interest, Annuities, and Sinking Fund - - - -

Civil List....

Pensions -

Public Infirmaries ——

Public Coal Yards, Rents and Salaries

Lottery Expences for Two Lotteries -

D° ----- ----- -»- for After Business, Comptrollers and Inspectors

Police, the Kingdom at large ——

Inspeflor General of Prisons ——

Fees on Auditing Treasury Accounts -

Imprest Office Salaries ——

Clerk of Erroneous Judgments ——

Annuities and Compensations ——

Judges Additional Salaries -

Royal Irish Academy ——

Army Baggage.....*

Transportation of Felons....

Secret Service in detedling Treason - -

£. 8,220 — —

600 — —

Total -

£. s. d.

i,o95iQOo ——

100,000 — — 27,200 ——

3,200 — . 832 15

8,820 — 16,200 — 200 1,920 — 1,600 — 300 —

59*731 —

20.000

50 —

33.000 —

8.000 —

8.000 —

/. d.

1,222,200 ——

1,696,437 17 9

145,000 — — 112,822 4 3

161,853 15 —

3>338.3r3 >7 *

James Crofton,

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Incidental Expences of the Treasury in Ireland 5 for One

Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

Two Thousand Pounds.

James Crofton.'


ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of Working the Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow for One Year, to the 5th Day of January 1802,

One Thousand Pounds.

James Crofton,

ESTIMATE of Expence of St ATUTfes at Large, for the Use of the Members of the late Parliament, who were entitled

to them, and who have not yet received them.

528 Copies of the 20th Volume of the Statutes at Large of the Kingdom of Ireland, comprizing the Acts passed in the 40th Year of His Majesty King Geo. IIL

30 Sets of Statutes at Large, 20 Volumes each, but deducing the Price of the 8th and 20th Volumes herein estimated for, and of the 19th Volume, which is to be paid for in the Current Year - ....

s. d.

1,584 ——

1,182 17 6

300 Copies of the 8th Volume (being the Index)

1,000 — —

Dublin, 28th January 1801.

3,766 17 6

George Grierjon.

Appendix, (No. 19.) iotb March.

continued.

E S TI M AT E for Cloathing His Majesty's Heralds, Pursuivants, and State Trumpeters, for Three Years, frokn the 25th of March next, the same Sum having been grahted heretofore every Third Year $ the last in the Year 1798.

One Thousand Eighty-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence*

Office of Arms, Dublin January 30th 1801.

1

Chichester ForteJcue %

Ulite*.

ESTI M AT E of the Expence of Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards, due the ift Day of June 1801.

Seven Hundred and Forty Pounds.

The above is the usual Allowance, payable every Eighteen Months*

Wm Richerdjon.

Col1 Battle Axe Guards.

ESTI M ATE of Expence of Printing Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newsppers,

for One Year ending 5th January 1802.

Seven Thousand Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny.

George Grierjon*,

Printer of The Dublin Gazette.

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary in order to pay Artificers, and complete the East Wing of the Public Offices

at the Law Courts.

Six Thousand Pounds.

Nov. 20th 1800.

(From Mr. James Gandont Archite&.)

John Smith.

Vol. 5 C.

9 M

Appendix, (No. 19.) 10 :bMarch, continued.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, for One Year, to the 5 th Day of January 1802.

IN the Office of Solicitor in Criminal Causes, and the other Expences attending thereon, it will requirea Sum of £ 5,000 for the Service of the Quarter ending Lady Day 1S01; and it w ill also require a further Sum of £. 20.000 for cne Service to 5th January 1802, amounting in the Whole to £. 25.000. This Estimate is made from the bell Calculation that can be made, from the Nature of the Demands. There is only a Sum of about £. 200 remaining of the Grant for the last Year.

22a Dec. i8co.

1ho % Kemmis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year, to the

5th of January 1802.

Two Thoufard Five Hundred Pounds;

(N° 1.) — E S T 1 M A T E, under the Head of CIVIL BUILDINGS, from the ill of January to the 25th of March 1801.

Amount of the Probable Expence of Repairs to Civil Buildings* and for Furniture at Dublin Callle, the Vice-Regal Lodge in His Majesty's Phoenix Park, the Parliament House, Four Courts, and other Civil Buildings; including the Salaries of Officers, Wages of Overseers, Rents, Taxes, and other Incidental Expences, from Time to Time, as may be ordered by Government -

On Account, to defray the Extra Expence of Building the Chief Secretary's Apartments, in consequence of Alterations, &c. per Order of Government ——

£, s, d.

5,000 — —

2,000 — —

7,000 — —

(X. 2.) — ESTIMATE under the Head of C I V I L EUILDINGS, from 25th March 1801 105 th January 1802.

Amount of the Probable Expence of Repairs to Civil Buildings, and for Furniture for the Callle, the Vice-Regal Lodge (in His Majesty's Phoenix Park), the Parliament House, Four Courts, and other Civil Buildings; including the Salaries of Officers, Wages of Overseers, Rents, Taxes, and other Incidental Expences, from Time to Time, as may be ordered by Government -

£, s, d.

15,000 — — *

To defray the Balance of Accounts for Building the Chief Secretaries Apartments, with Additions and Alterations, See, per Ord«r of Government; and to pay off Balances due to the 25th March 1801, in consequence of the Resolution of the Board to discharge the Bills of the several Artificers, Scc. Quarterly, and which the lull Year's Eflimatc was inadequate to -

10,000 ——

0

25,000 . —

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin,

For One Quarter, to Lady Day, 1801; Viz.

Sloop Mailer....

Mate ----- --....

8 Seamen, at £ x. iox. per Month -10 D° Victualled at 10 d. per Day

Wear and Tear of Sloop ....

Three Wherries....

Wear and Tear of D° -

To make good Treasury Deductions for Poundage and Pells, per Quarter

For Three Quarters to 25th December 1801, at the above Rate -

Total Charge for One ^ear

£ s. d.

12 10 —

7 10 —

36 ——

38 - s

25 ——

97 10 —

37 10 —

254 ~ 5

7 17 1\

261 17 6 \

785 12 71

1,047 10 2

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

10th March.

continued.

To which add for 11 D % from 25th December 1801, to 5th January 1802 - - £. 34. 8 /. 5 d.

Jn° Draper

Depy Pratique Insr.

N. B. The Pratique Mailers of the Port of Dublin have no Cash in Hands, the Expenditure being by Contract, and equal to the Grant. There remains in the Treasury, £.261. 17 /. 6 { d. which will defray the Charge of Pratique for the Quarter to 25th December 1800.

Jn Drapery

Dep* Pratique Insr.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Oflices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin CAJTLk; and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Purfuivants and Extra Meffiengers attending the said Offices, for One Year,

' d-

His Majesty's Printer

5,5oo ——

His ?Majesty's Stationer -

Disbursements by Office Keeper, Civil Department D° - - - - D° - - Military - D°

4,700 — — 2,500 — — 75° ——

D° - - - - D° - - Secretary's Office in London ——

To pay Fees in England, on His Majesty's Letters for thelffiue of Money for the Treasury in Ireland, for Public Services ——

To pay Fees on the Lord Lieutenant's Warrants, on His Majesty's Letters for ilfuing Money from the Treasury of Ireland, for Civil Expences

Council Office, for the Expence of Poilage of Letters and Newspapers -

Deputy Purfuivants and Extra Meffiengers -

360 ——

2CO — r —

40 ——

130 9 6

4,coo ——

iS.iSo 9 6

E. Cooke,

Und. See.

Civ. Depart.

Additional Charge for the Chief Secretary's Office in London ----- -- 1,500 ——

19.680 9 6

CaJtJersagb.

Vol. 56,

Appendix, (No. ao.) 13A& March.

4 a ABSTRACT of the DUTIES collected under the Commissioners of CUSTOMS and EXCISE, (No. !)*"An A oo for One Ye^r: With the Expence of Management, Drawbacks,

dv

ON

etJ

a

On the Collectors Accounts -

In Hands of the Paymaster of Corn Bounties (Export from Dublin) -In Hands of the Receiver General ——

Due by difmifl'cd and deceased Collectors -

Deducing an Overpayment by the Paymaster of Corn Premiums Coastways to Dublin ——

In Hands of Stamp Officers and Collectors of Excise In Hands of the Treasurer of the Pott Office -

DUTIES, &c.

Duties - - Inwards - - - 0 597,962 12 7

Customs - Outwards - - - 4-1 >3 52 1 2 5

Prizage on Wines - - - 2,4/0 — —

Light House Duties r - - 5,862 7

Fines, Seizures, and Forfeitures - - 29,882 — 11

Tar - - - - 53 7 —

Cafuilties ----- - - - 2,728 16 8

Wool Licences - - - 104 — —

Wrought Plate received in the Treasury - - - 1,922 H 6

Quit, &c. Rents - - - 6 5.9O6 18 7l

Hearth Money - - - 61.777 13 5

Carriage Duty - - - 51 622 4 6

Male Servants Duty - - - 11,568 9 5

Window Light Duty - - - - 128,131 1 Si

Wine - 243 .,09 7 7

1-lops ----- -- 9 322 10 8

Earthen, Japanned, and Lacquered Wares - - 5*758 7 11

Beer imported - - - 5 7y9 10 4

Tea - 103,420 1 11

Ten Pounds per Cent, on Duties Inwards - - - 59,402 11 ni

Six Pounds per Cent, on Retailers - - - 12,705 14

Storage - - - >.3+5 *5 4

Coffee ----- - 64I 1 IO

Cards - - - - 3,29° >7 —

Dice ----- -- 333 —

Five Pounds per Cent, on Bounties to Fishing Vessels 8y+ 12 1 i

Goods seized and sold by private Sale - - 104,187 9 4

Inland Excise on -

Auctions Coffee - -

Hides, &c.

Glass Bottles -- / Paper Hangings ' Writing, &c. Paper -Mead -

Wine - - (Home made) QVinegar (Home made)

I Strong Waters -

Cyder - -

Tobacco Manufacturers - -

Grocers -Tanners -

Candle and Soap Manufacturers Spirit Factors -Manufacturers of Paper Hangings Goldsmiths -Coffee Houses -Hawkers and Pedlars -Gun Powder, &c. Retailers -Licences-/ Malt Houses -

' Auctioneers -Spirit Rectifiers -

Tobacco Merchants Bottle Manufacturers Brewers -Skinners -

Vellum and Parchment Manufacturers -Manufacturers of Writing, &c. Paper Malt Factors -

Wine (Home-made) *

Mead ——

Vinegar (Home-made) -

4,°oi

665

5°>739

I»354

1,258

12,616

45

144

53

3 —

11 —

>4 ~i

15 2i

3

4i

4

10

3

96,805 5 7|

no ——

3,488 ——

9,487 IO —

797 ——

657 ——

574 ——

57 -

8S ——

18 ——

1,710 ——

35 10 —

*4>345 ——

130 — — 1,505 12 6

9 ——

6,580 — —

58

84 — — 640 — —

12 — —

22 ——

12 -- —

STAMP DUTIES.

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and Value of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper ——

POST OFFICE REVENUE.

Postage of Letters and Expresses, and the Allowance from Great Britain in lieu of Postage, &c....

£ d.

15 I .960 2 2 J

574 18 3

I4<449 9 10 4

96,883 10

363,868 7 si

69 8 8

363,708 18 9 i

65,586 16 4 i

12,106 2 10I

5S7>9°5 18 9i

70,879 — £

137,225 18 1

1,766,010 17 — i

84,040 15 3

£ ' d.

441,291 18 —;

168,807 18 3

2,018,859 10 7 2,460,151 8 8i

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

781

in Ireland (exclufwe of the Appropriated Duties) Aifo, An Account of the Stamp Duties and Post Office Revenue; Premiums, &c. from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800.

Salaries on the Revenue Establishment - - £,

Incident Charges ——

Salaries, Pensions, and Gratuities -

Drawbacks ——

Portage Bills - -

Light House Expences ——

Wine Warrants to Privy Councillors -Quarantine Expences ——

Rewards for apprehending Deserters - -

Hearth Money and Carriage Duty, &c. Incidents Salaries to Hearth Money Officers -Allowance claimed for Hearth Money Collectors

Balances ——

Allowance to Officers for colleifting the Window Light Duty - -

Arrears of Inland Excise -

Officers Fees on Bounties -

Salaries to Inspectors of Filficries -Militia Expences ——

Seamens Wages, Greenwich Per.fioas, See.

c

o

Corn and Flour exported -

Com and Flour brought Coatbvavs to Dublin

Coarse Linen and Canvas exported -

Fi!hing Vessels -

Irish-cured Fitfi exported -

Iriifi Fish Oil exported -

Bark imported -

Iriifi Spirits exported -

Foreign Wheat imported -

113,676 2

106,377 — 1

34-351 7 8

IS7«32° 1 Hi

2,482 3 7

13.561 lS u

>355 >4 —

2l8 iS 2

8O3 —

6.535 17 11

7.559 3 8

1,320 8 if

2.364 7 00

1,536 8 ni

3-5 5* 6 3

71 2 10 —

7,582 16 5 ,

3°>72S 7 9 i

C-33^ 3° 16 6

4* 3 H S

4,224 4 i°;

9*7 5 5'

27 12 7

28 16 7

6 co 2

6 2 4

210 16

\ n-

( Coarse Linen and Canvas ' exported - - - - 6,339 10 3

Fishing Vessels - - - - 2,373 11 8

Bark imported - - - - 1,108 12 —

Iriifi Coals brought to Dublin ----- - - 8 12 —

Foreign Wheat, Sec. imported - - - 1,003 15 —

£.40,309 10 8 |

10,834 — 11

Drawbacks ——

Salaries paid by Paymaster of Bounties on Corn exported from Dublin -

Salaries to Stamp Officers Incident Charges, &c. Discount allowed

Salaries to Officers of the Post Office Incident Charges, Allowances, Sec.

Payments made to the Treasury in the Year ended at Lady Day 1800;

Viz.

On Account of - /

Ordinary Revenue - - £ 1,168,763 l9 5 f

Quic Rents -Cufua'ties - - 71 2,728 8 16 1 f 8 6

W.ought Plate - 1,92 2 *3

Diimilled Collectors - 1,265 3

Wool Licences - IO4

Stamp Duties Poll Office Revenue - 142,5:6 18,218 10 18 \ 4

Q

Making together

{ On the Collector* Accounts ——

In Hands of the Pay mailer of Corn Bounties (Export from

Dublin) ——

In Hands of the Paymaster of Corn Premiums (Coafhvays to

Dublin) -

In Hands of the Receiver General

I 111 IJdllUU ' M illy -

Due by dil'mified and deceased Collectors

In Hands of Sramp Officers and Collegers cf Excise In Hands of the Treasurer of the Post Gliice -

VOL. 56.

J.

491,83+ 7 4?

5*.'43 11 7 a

8,729 4 7 i

640 — —

11,397 17

8,736 — si

2,260 1 4

29>597 9 3

29,618 10 10 f

1,174,855 18 — 160,745 8 4

270,190 5 if

934 18 3

S5 5 7 15,094 14 2}

116,300 11 — j

402,606 14 21

69 274 4 1 i 18,711 19 8

£ t.

5S2>347 3 7i

22,393 19 81

59,216 — 11

1,335,601 6 4!

1,969,558 9 10 £

430,592 13 9

2,460,151 8 8£

Step. Mcore,

Acc‘ Gen1.

N

Appendix;

(No. 20.)

I ybMar.h.

ySi

Appendix

A. 1S01

Appendix,

(No. 20 )

1 yb March.

continued*

(No. a.) — An Abstract of the several APPROPRIATED DUTIES in Ireland, for One Year; from Lady Day 1799

to Lady Day 1800.

LOAN DUTIES: £ ' d. £ ' d‘

Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1799 Brandy, Geneva, and Rum £.82,314 19 \{ Spirits, Home-made - - 452,687 5 — Malt ..... 287,512 11 if Sugar, Raw and Refined - 252,707 2 1* Tobacco, Import Duty and Excise - - 312,030 11 JO 482,628 — 8J 1,387,252 9 Drawbacks, including £. 13,050. 14/. 9d. paid by the Receiver General - - - - Payments made to the Treasury - Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 27.279 >8 Si *.43*593 *7 S 41 1,006 14

£ 1,869,880 9 io| £ 1,869,880 9 i°l

LINEN DUTIES:

Chocolate, Sec. - Linseed Oil - - - - 383 10 — 598 11 2 Balances overpaid by Revenue Collectors at Lady Day 1799 - Drawbacks - - - . - Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 473 4 9\ 6 19 501 16 8J-

982 1 2 £ 982 1 *

Encouragement of IRISH FISHERIES:

Payments to the Treasury on this Account, included in Revenue Payments - £. Balances overpaid by Revenue Collectors at Lady Day 1799 ..... Payments made to the Treasury ... 422 i» 8 118 13 7*

54> 6 3i 54* 6 3

LAGAN NAVIGATION:

Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1799 Additional Excise paid in the Distriftof Lilhurn 950 2 6 2,543 18 — Drawbacks on the Additional Excise £. 1,291 5 8 Allowance to Officers for receiving the Net Duties - - - 62 12 4 *.353 * - 1,324 IO — 815 12 6

Payments made to the Treasury ... Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800

£ 3,494 — 6 £ 3,494 — 6

Improvement of the City of D UB LI N:

Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1799 Additional Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dublin - 3*5 9 4 8,186 8 5 Drawbacks paid by the Receiver General, on Coals ..... Payments made to the Treasury ... Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 185 — 6 6,830 16 — 1,486 1 3

c 8,501 17 9 £ 8,50117 9

Repairs of the ROYAL EXCHANGE, and COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS:

Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1799 Duty on Entries Inwards - 232 16 — 1.511 14 6 Payments made to the Trustees of Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 M37 3 6 307 7 —

£- 1,744 10 6 i £ >.7+4 <° 6

TILLAGE DUTIES:

Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day *799 £ 970 11 Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 £. 970 11 si

PROl'ESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS:

B dances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 799 ----- -£ 534 1 2 Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 - - - £, 534 *

Step. Moorey

Acc* Gen1.

ACCOUNTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE.

(No. 3) — A State of the ESTABLISHMENTS, and other Charges of Government, in Ireland, for One Yearthe Civil List ending the 25th, and the Military the 31 ft of March 1800: — Together with the Payments made by the Treasury, the Arrears remaining Unsatisfied, and the Remains.

Civil List -

Pensions -

Permanent Grants of Parliament

Army and Augmentation, including £. 75,000 from Recruiting Charge Army Abroad -Additional Pay in Dublin General, and General Staff Officers -Muller Mailer General, &c.

Garrisons -

Recruiting, &c. deducing £.75*000, as above -Half Pay Officers Widows of Officers -Extra Expence of Foiage Militia ——

District Corps -

Commissariat Establishment Medical Board, Hospitals, and Medicaments -Royal Military Infirmary Royal Hospital -

Bat and Forage for General Officers -Barracks -

Ordnance -

Reduced Chaplains -Regular and Militia Forces of Great Britain serving in Ireland

Total Military Purposes - £.

Officers of the House of Commons -Public Officers for several Services -Public Hospitals and Schools -Miscellaneous Services -Linen Manufacture -Board of First Fruits -Dublin Society -

Corporation for Paving and Lighting Dublin -Commissioners of Wide Streets -Roman Catholic Seminary Rebuilding St. Andrew's Church

Totals Annual Grants - £.

Lottery Prizes -

Prizage - -

Manning the Fleet Vote of Credit -

Sinking Fund -

Relief of Loyalists - -

Discharge of Arrears unpaid at 1798 -Government of Great Britain, on Account of so much received for Public Services -

Totals Extraordinary Charges - £.

LOAN FUNDS.

Debentures and Government Stock - -

Princ5Pal 1 Bank Capital . -

„ Treasury Bills - - - -C Debentures and Govern-Interest on 1 ment Stock - -

£ Treasury Bills -

Life Annuities -

Bank Annuities -

Long Annuities - -

Short Annuities -

Discount on Prompt Payment of Loan Deposits -Sinking Fund -

Arrears and Remains at Lady Day 1799. Charge under the Bill of Appropriation, Sec. Total CHARGE. Payments made by the Treasury.

£ /. d. £ ' d. £- s. d. £ ' d

58,122 >3 6| 145,000 — — 203,122 *3 6} >49-347 7 5

60,722 11 1 1 113,819 I 6£ .74-541 *3 si 135,500 4 3s

27.347 3 4r 143,093 9 5 170,440 12 9i 143,093 9 5

I46.I92 8 loi 401,912 10 548,104 19 9* 427,941 1 ‘ >1

143.612 8 4 1*293,955 4 2 ..437-567 12 6 ! 1,372-548 11 4

O 00 d 0 15 4 98,327 12 6 199,198 8 I 1 I83-O4I I J 3

— — 11 10,000 — — 10,000 — 11 ! 10,0-0

*°>3 57 8 9 43,484 2 7 i 53.84. 11 4i; 48683 2 5

377 7 -i /4 5,428 9 5,805 *7 2 5,268 IO *i

M99 11 1 1 5-731 16 2i 6-93‘ 8 *ij 00 sd si

74,498 l7 3i 7,77° 17 6 82,269 >4 9| 6,830 —

2,190 *5 7l 11,699 7 H 13.890 3 3ii 10,117 19 .5

3,095 7 *1 5.569 4 — 8,664 11 si! 5,181 16 10

4*945 *7 4a 185,077 l8 4 225,023 *5 Si 147,984 8 ni

‘ 43»S2° 5 77^>H2 — *l 821,632 6 9 708,684 18 10!-

- - - 687,485 12 4 687,485 12 4 607,092 16 9 2

- - 132*753 7 4 >3*753 7 4 ! 105,820 2 2i

948 7 4i 21,071 8 Sk 22,019 *5 10 19,526 — 3 2

- - - - - 3,000 — — 3,000 — — 2*727 *4 7

- . - - - 27*97* *2 9 27,971 12 9 27,971 12 9

00 12 — 37,100 — — 37.448 12 37.44S *2

- - - - - 350,000 — — 350,000 — — 348,709 2 11

59.uo 18 5i 442,659 7 9i 501,770 6 3i 392.754 — —

- 4,369 — ~~~ 4.369 — — 4,055 12 —

- - 8.5-555 ~ — ® .5-555 — — 419-754 18 1 — 4

482,076 *4 8i 4,965,122 2 3 5-447,>98 >«i 4470,539 6 9i

8,892 1 — |

5,60417 — i

*,05417 5

i6«5S> '5 Si

123,836 ——

1,030 18

356,544 14 8±

4SI.4II I3 11

Arrear at Lady Day 1799-

11,706,058 6 $

1,100.000 — — 976,808 6 8

335,053 18 iof 13,665 5 6*

17,072 l8 Il| l8,28l 5 --

2*5°r 3 2

25,247 12 1

10,078 1 4 v

2,060 ——

48,1961* 7

114,065 3 61

21,600 —

5,000 —

5.500 -

10,000 — —

4.500 ——

1,000 — —

221,999 16 5 i

300.000 -

4>I23 *4 2

22,783 *0 — i

500.000 — —

356 2 1

169,441 3 4

437*427 7 —

1>434* 31 ,6 7?

14,194,683 l6 ll|

Chaise in the Year ending at Lady Day, 1800, See.

11,408,946 13 4

1,195,000 ——

848.971 1 ii?

81,256 8 4

49,423 6 iof

73,125 ——

10,564 13 7

52,214 11 —

22,415 17 7f 240,584 8 9

,3,982,472 1 5!

10,078 1 4

2,060 -

57>°88 12 7J 119,670 — 7

21,600 — —

5.000 — —

5.500 -

10,000 — —

4.500 — —

2,054 17 5

1.000 — —

*38,551 n ni

Arrear

at

Lady D y i8co.

£ ' d.

S 3.775 6 *1 39,041 9 2J

27*347 3 4?

Remains

at

Lzdy Day 1800.

Appendix,

(No.

1yb March.

continued.

d.

120,163 18 8"

10,078 I 4 1,260 — —

53*35* 4 5 113,697 u ii£ 21,600 — —

5.000 — —

5.500 ——

10,006 — —

4.500 ——

2»°54 T7 5

1.000 — —

423,836 ——

5>*54 *2 7\ 22,783 10 — \ 500,000 — — . 356 2 1

169,441 3 4

356>544 14 8J

437*427 7 —

1 »915>543 9 9

Total

CHARGE.

13.II4.975 ——

1,100,000 -- —

2,171,808 6 8

1,184,025 — 9l

94.921 *3 *of

66,496 5 10

91,406 5 —

13,065 16 9

77*462 3 1

22,4* 5 *7 7} 24°»584 8 9

28,177,160 18 4I

228,041 15 i£

297,097 ——

2,061 17 11

22,783 10 — i 462,450 11 6-

356 2 1

169,441 3 4

65,019 1 3

16,157 6 n£

5,158 8 ni 537 6 *1 S93 S

75-439 H 9l 3,772 4 si

3482 14 10 i 77,039 6 H

112,947 7 ioJ

80,392 15 6f

*6,933 S >1

*493 >5 6f. 272 5 5

1,290 17 1

109,016 6 35 313 8 —

395,800 1 iij

976,659 10 2

800 — —

3-737 8

5-97*

8 7i

126,739 — — 3,092 15 6J

437.4*7 7 "

1,391,617 II 1

Payments made by the Treasury.

5,000 — — |

710,900 ----- ---1

813,243 8 3

74,644 8 7

48,539 19 11

73,125 ——

10,726 19 4

51,962 7 8

32,415 17 7

240,584 8 9

129,831 15 6i

Arrear at Lady Day 1800.

2,685 — —

23,107,290 ——

1,100,000 -- —

5,558 6 8

.-455-35° ——

370,781 12 6f 20,277 5 3i 17,956 5 11

18.281 5 —

*-338 >7 5

*5.499 >5 5

2,051,142 10 if I26,126.018 8 3!

10,509 16 10

37-549 8 51 356,544 14 8|

394,094 3 ii

Remains at Lady Day 1S00.

TOTALS OF THE FOREGOING ACCOUNTS.

Civil List, Pensions, and Permanent Grants -Military Purposes -Annual Grants -Extraordinary Charges -

Loans and Annuities, &c.

VOL. 56.

146,192 8 io£ 482,076 14 8£ .6-551 >5 Si 481,411 13 if 401,912 IO Ilf 4,965-122 2 3 221,999 16 5f 1-434-131 .6 7?

1,126.232 12 2-14,194,688 16 ll£ 7,023,166 6 3f 13,982,472 1 5I

15,320,921 9 ii 21,005,638 7 8£

548,104 *9 9 i 427,941 1 >i 120,163 18 8|

5,447.198 16 ..I 4.470*539 6 9i

238.551 11 ni 228,041 *S .1 - - " - -

.,9.5,543 9 9 1,391,617 11 1 129,831 15 6f

8,149,398 18 si 6,518,139 *4 >i 249,995 *4

28,177,160 18 4l 2,051,142 10 >1 26,126,018 8 3l

36,326,559 16 lof 8,569,282 4 2| 26,376,014 2 6

976,659 10 2 10,509 16 io 394.094 3 ||

1,381,263 10 1

1,381,263 10 ii

Aireart on Dcbcnturct and Treasury Bills not carrying Interest.

accw ucn\ O__________

(No. 4.) — A State of the D L1 T I E S and AIDS applicable to the Loans, and the Charges thereon, in la e land, for One Year, from Lady Day >799 10 ^ay

1800; together with a General State of the Loan Funds; and also of the Surplus thereof, at Lady Day 1800. _____

STATE FOR ONE YEAR.

By the Accountant General's Paper N° 2, it appears that the'Loan Duties collected in the Revenue, have produced from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800.....£. 1,387,252 9 2\

27>279 18 Si

Whence deducing* for Drawbacks -

There will remain -

To which add, Gain by Exchange on Money received from England

d.

1 >359*972 10 H 11 7

i>4oo>i 19 2 4I

d.

By the Accounts delivered to Parliament there appeared to remain due at Lady £.

Day 1799# for Principal of the Loans, £. 13,758, 723. 6s. % d. Viz.

On Loin Debentures and ? r < c ~ /to

Government Stock - -,'698«373 6 8 On Bank Capital - - - iv 100,000 o o

On Treasury Bills - - - 960,350 o o

£ »3-7$8>7*3 6 8

INTEREST on DEBENTURES and GOVERNMENT STOCK, at £ 3. per Cent, per Annum: Viz.

On - - £. 3,791,666 13 4 remained at Lady Day 1799*) from Lady Day

On - - 3,385.416 J3 4 Capital created on English > 1799 to Lady

Loans of 1797 and 1798 -J Day i8co 215,312 1° 0 On - - 1,625,000 o o borrowed in England, Session 1799, from 5th,

April 1799 to Lady Day 1800 - - - - 47,280 5

On - - 4,062,500 o o - D° - Session 1799, from July *799 to D° 87,816 15 7?

£.12,864,583 6 8

INTEREST on DEBENTURES and S LOCK, at £.3. 1 os. perCent. per Ann. Viz.

On - - 1,118,24a o o remained at Lady Day 1799, from Lady 1799

to Lady Day ;8oo .....39,138

8 o

On £ 173,200

325,000

INTEREST on DEBENTURES and STOCK, at £. 4 per Cent, per Ann. \ iz.

----- remained at Lady Day 1799, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day *S o

6,928

498,200 o o

On

Capital created or. English Loans, from D° to Dtt 13,000 o

INTEREST on DEBENTURES and STOCK, at £.5 per Cent, per Ann. Viz.

/ 6,615,266 13. 4. - - - - remained at Lady Dav 1799, from Lady Day , „

1799 to LaJy Day .8co .....33°»763 6 8

2,000,000 ----- - borrowed Session 1799, - from - D° - to D® - 100,000 0 0

11,000 ----- - issued to the Royal Canal, Part of £.25,000*

granted Session 1798; £.5,000, from 8th March 1799; and £.6,000, from 3d July

0 , *799 479 >4 6

----- — - 8,020,206 13 4 Total intereH on Debentures and Stock - ________

£. 23,107,290 o o

' INTEREST on TREASURY BILLS,

Qn at £.3. 16/. o\d. per Cent, per Ann. Viz.

£. 100,000 from Lady Day 1793 to Midsummer 1799,

— when paid off ——

On £. 500,000

100,coo

INTEREST on TREASURY BILLS, at £.5. per Cent, per Ann. Viz.

- - from Lady Day 1799 to Midsummer 1799,

when paid off ——

- - from--- D° - - - to 24th July 1799,

when paid off ——

On -

On -On -

947 4

6,250 o o 1,666 13 4

- 600,coo o o borrowed Session 1^99, from Midsummer 1799

to Lady Day 1800 -.....22.500 o o

- - 100,000 0 0 borrowed - D* - from 24th July 1799 to Du - 3*333 6 8

" 495>c00 0 o Capital, created on the Loan of £.2,000,000,

from Christmas 1798 to Lady Day iSco - - 30,937 j0 0

£.1,195,000 00

INTEREST on TREASURY BILLS, at £.6 per Cent, per Ann. Viz.

Oa - -

260,350 o o from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day iSco ~~ Total Intcrelt on Treasury Bills

- 15.621

o o

840,719

li 2I

£ 1*4-55,35° 0 0 Expences attending Payments in London, &c. . ----- ----- --- on Debentures and Stock ——

Total Charge of Interest, Scc. on the Loans for the Year ended at Lady

Day 1800 - - - -..... _ . %

LIFE ANNUITIES, &c. Viz.

To the Subscribers of £. 440,000, at £.6. o. per Cent, from Lady Day 1799*

to Lady Day 1800 - - - - 26.400 0

To the Subscribers of £.300,000, at £.7.10. perCent. from - D° - to - D° - 22,500 o

Expences attending Payments in London, - - from - D° - to - D° -

Total Charge of Life Annuities, &c. in the Year ended at Lady Day 1800

523 6 ,0t

BANK ANNUITIES: Viz.

To One Year's Annuity on £.600,000, at £.5. o. o. per Cent, from Lady

Day 1799 to Indy Day 4800 - 30,000 0 0 To One Year's Annuity on £.500,000, at £.8. 12. 6. per Cent, from D° to D° 43,125 0 Total Charge of Bank Annuities in the Year ended at Lady Day 1800 - -- —

C*m5d "fffgitlzed by-Go<a

81,256 8 |

8-5I JO 9

939.227 10 3

49,423 6 10

Geo. III.

Appendix.

785

(No. 4*) — State of the DUTIES and AIDS applicable to LOANS, be.^ — continued,'

Apjv'ndix* (No. 20.)

3 ib March. cmt'nued.

C

i. i.

S»aRj q

S,°S <7 si ‘77 n 3*

Brought over -

LONG ANNUITIES, &c. Viz.

To the Subscribert of £ 1,615,000. at 6/. 6d. per Cent, from Lady Day 1799 to

Lady Day 1800..... -

To D° - £ 2,166,666. 15. 4. at 4/. 11 d. per Cent, from - - D.°. - - to D* -

Expences attending Payments in London, from - - D° fe.D0 -Total Charge of Long Annuities, be, in the Year endeef at Lady Day 1800 - - ‘ "

4

SHORT ANNUITIES, ice. Via.; "

To the Subscribert of £.1,029,650. at £. 1. o. o. per Cent, from Lady Day 1,799

- to Lady Day 1800 - - Wo,2n<

To D® - of* qootoooo. o. o. at £. i. 5. o. per Cent, from - D° - - % to D° , XO

ToD® - of 1,19^666.13. 4. at £41. 1.11. Eng. per Cent, from - D° --to D° 0

" ~ per Cent, from - D° - - to D° V-- *3

£ s d-1,052,75517 2

ToD° - of 640,000.' o. o. at £, 1. 5. o. To D* of 325,006. a o. at £.4. 15 o.

_ per Cent, from - D° - to p° 15 0 0

Expellees attending Payments in London - - - from - D* - - to D° . **' lo

Total Charge of Short Annuities, be, in the Year ended at Lady* 1 !7

Day 1800 -.....-.....- ,

Discount on Prompt Payment of Loan Depoiites, be. ----- -- J

SINKING FUND:

Issues to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, from Lady Day 17^ .

Day 1800 - - - - 0

Loan Interest and Annuities, &c. -

Which being deduced from the Loan Duties and Aids, there will remain, after proviino- f said Interest and Annuities, &c. to Lady Day 1800 8 or

10,564 13 7

: 51,214 11 o 42,415 17 7»

‘ r

240,584 8 9

i.378>SS5 8 21,563 14 2$

1,400,119 2 4$

GENERAL STATE of the LOAN FUND.

The Balances in Collectors £ /. d.

Hands at Lady Day 1799* were - - - 482,628 o 8J

The Balance in the Treasury at fame, was - - - - 285,034 1

Total Balances - — ——

To which add the Produce for the Year ended at Lady Day 1800 - -

Total Fund -

- ~£

£. /. d.

767,662 2 6 1,400,119 2 4*

Payments made by the Treasury in the Year ended at Lady Day 1800, as per

No. 3. Viz.

On Principal of Debentures ——

On Interest of Debentures and Government Stock -On Interest of Treasury Bills On Life Annuities ——

On Bank Annuities ——

On Long Annuities ——

On Short Annuities ——

On Sinking Fund - -- -On Discoimtori fcompt Payment of Loan Deposites

To which add the Balances at Lady Day 18001

c

s. d.

200 o o

8*3.243 g 3

74.644 8 7 43>S39 19 11 73.125 o o Io*726 19 4 S1.962 7 8 *40.584 8 9 22.41S 17 75

2.167,781 4 io|

4* 1.006 14 o 421,332 o 8$

/ d.

»335»442 10 *f 832,338 14 8J

2,167.78* 4 ,0*

STATE of the NET SURPLUS of the DUTIES.

Surplus Hated from Balances and Arrears:

The Balances remaining at Lady Day 1800, appear by the foregojing Accounts to have been ——

Whence deduct the Arrears of Interest, and other Charges due on said Day, as per No. 3. Viz.

832,338 14 8

On Loan Debentures and Government Stock On Treasury Bills -On Life Annuities -On Bank Annuities On Long Annuities On Short Annuities

Jv d.

370,781 12 6\

- 20,277 5 3i

- 17,956 5 11

- 18,281 5 o

2,33817 5

- 25,4991.5.5

455*235 1 7i

Total Surplus - - - 377.20313 i|

To which add the Surplus in the Year ended at Lady Day 1800 -

Total Surplvs, as on the other Side -

STATE of the SURPLUS:

Net remaining Surplus at Lady Day 1799 -

Whence deduct for Principal'of Loan Debentures paid thereout

£ * - 355,83918

d.

i°i

d.

200 o o

355,6191810}

2L563 34

377^03 |3 *£

Step. Moore,

Acc' Gsn*.

90

Appendix,

(No. 20.)

13 th March,

continual.

(No. 5.) — A General State of the NATIONAL ACC O U NT of Ireland, for One Year, from

DEBT of the Nation at Lady Day 1799

From which Dedudl:

Unclaimed Arrears of 1794* on the Civil and Military Establishments, and Extraordinary Charges, ilruck off by the Committee of Accounts, Session 1800 -

To which Add:

Difference on Capital created on Englifo Loans of 1797 and 1798, in pursuance of Resolutions of the House of Commons, 24th February 1800 -

Amended Debt of the Nation at Lady Day 1799 ——

To which Add:

Remains at Lady Day 1799, now brought forward with the Arrears

Difference on Capital created on Englifo Loan of 1799 ——

Capital created in Treasury Bills at 5 per Cent* on a Loan of JT. 2,000,000 -

Charge of the Civil List, Pensions, and Permanent Grants, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 18co ——

Military Purposes ——

Annual Grants ——

Extraordinary Charges

ftfaking together

Former Debt, Charge of the Establishments, Sec.

Towards answering which, mull be Applied:

The Produce of the Duties of Customs and Excise, from Lady Day 1799

to Lady Day 1800

Whence deducing for Management and other Expences There will remain

The Produce of the Stamp Duties, Sec. including Value of Parchment, Sec. in said Year ——

Whence deducing for Management and Discount -There will remain

The Produce of the Poll Office Revenue in said Year

Whence deducting for Management and Allowances There will remain

Poundage and Pells Fees, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day i?oo

Tax of Four Shillings in the Pound on the Salaries and Profits of Employments of Absentees, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800

From the Directors of the Public Coal Yards -

Sale of Quit Rents ——

Bankers Compositions for Stamp Duties ——

From the Lords of the Admiralty, on Account of Advances made by Revenue Collectors for Seamens Wages, Sec.

From the Board of Works, on Account of old Furniture of Dublin Castle, fold.....-

From the Commissioners of Barracks, Amount of the Sate of Huts at Blaris Camp ——

From the Collector of Limerick, on Account of the Produce of Two Cargoes of Wheat foipped at Limerick in 1792, for France, seized and fold per Order of Government ——

From the Fund appropriated to Irifo Fifoeries, transferred by Ail of Parliament ——

From the like, to the Light House on the Isle of Arran, D° - - D° - -

From the like, to Light Hou fes round the Coast, - -- -D°--D*--

From the Subscribers to the FirJfl Lottery of 1799, in full of their Subscription ——

From the Subscribers to the Second Lottery of 1790, in full of their Subscription ——

£ * d.

1,766,010 17 — 552*347 3 7 1

168,807 18 22,393 >9 3 i 81

84,040 15 3 '

59,216 — 1

ft; Viz.

£ 38*859 11 8 1

8,68a *9

4.944 4 4 f

5,987 2 4

747 3 2

8,422 12 4

>54 4 7k

575 4 *1

7i5 3 —

36,838 8 3

1,251 9 6 I

5,846 3 9

182,500 —

182^00 — -

t. d.

401,912 10 11 \ 4^65,122 2 3

221,999 16 5*

1,434,131 16 7i

1,213,663 1$ Sj

146,413 18 7

24.824 15 1 |

I3 34L°c9 *3 79,213 6

d.

13,261,794 6 37 i<Mi6 13

9

7i

i6>97*>2i0 19

855*173 4

2>437>5°o —

495-ooq

4

9i

to J

20,759.884. 4 7

7,0*3,166 6

27>783-°5o to

3 *

11 }

1 >3 84,902 7 11

Surplus of the Loan Fund, after providing for all Interest and Annuities, &c. to Lady Day 1800, as per (No. 4.) ——

DEBT of the Nation at Lady Day 1800

478,024 6 10I 21,563 14 2-1

1,884,490 g

25.898,560 2.

Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day *800; with a State, distinguishing the Funded from the Unfunded Deet.

State of the FUNDED DEBT*

There was due at Lady Day 1800# as per Account (No. 3.) Vi*.

£. s. i.

Principal of Loan Debentures and Government Stock -Principal of Treasury Bills - r

Bank Capital ——

- 23,109,975. ——

- 1,460,908 6 8

- 1,100,000 — —

Interest on Loan Debentures and Government Stock Interest on Treasury Bills - -

Life Annuities - -

Bank Annuities ——

Long Annuities -

Short Annuities ——

370,781 12 6 i 20,277 5 3

17,956 5 »>

18,281 5 —

2,338 >7 5 25*499 «S 5

Total Arrear

Balance,

s:

Towards answering which there were, on said Day,

In Collectors Hands - ----- - 411,006 14 —

the Treasury - -- -- - 421,332 — 8 |

Total Net Funded Debt

State of the UNFUNDED ACCOUNT:

There was due at Lady Day 1800, as per Account (No. 3.) Viz. Arrears and Remains on the Civil and Military Establishments, and Extraordinaries

Towards answering which there were, on said Day,

Ba'ances

In Collectors Hands

t In the Treasury

Total Unfunded Debt

490,592 18 9 f 535,785 16 4!

£ ' d. 25,670,883 6 8

455,135 1 7i

26,126,018 8 3$

Appendix-,

(No. 20.)

1 yh March.

continued

832,338 14 8

*,631,259 4 41

25,293>679 i3 6

1,026,378 15 21

Which Sum of £.6'>4.88o. 9/. 1 % J.being added to the abore Debt, the Total Net D*bt at

Lady Day 1800, wilt remain

604,880 9 1J

25.898,560 2 8 4

VOL. 56.

Step. Moor,

Acc- Gen1.

Appendix, (No. 20.) 13M March.

cent 1 nut d.

(No. 6.) — A General State of the several APPROPRIATED DUTIES in Ireland — (exdufive of the Loan, which appears in No. 4.) — for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800.

LINEN DUTIES: C In Collectors Hands £. t. J. tlotanrdi. 3 M *?99 Balances d In the Treasury at same (. Time - 1,925 9 6 £ a 1,915 9 6 975 1 6 Balances over paid by Revenue Collectors at Lady Day 1799 - - - Payments made by the Treasury - f In Collectors Hands at £. t. d. D .,) Lady Day 1800 - 501 16 81 Balances In the-f reafuty at same £ Time - - - 1,131 15 1 £ J. 47J 4 9i 793 >4 S 1 ‘633 n 9{

Net Produce for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800 - -

2,900 11 2,900 II

Encouragement of IRISH FISHERIES: f In Collectors Hands at Balances \ . '799 In the Treasury at t same Time - - 36,719 14 8 36,719 14 8 54> 6 3J Balances overpaid by Revenue Collectors at Lady 1*99 Transfer to Consolidated Fund, pursuant to Act of Parliament - - - - £ +22 12 8 36,838 8 3| %

Net Produce for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800, including £.422. 12;. 84'. Part of Revenue Payments, being the 5 per Cent. --4 # £

37,26l ll| 37,161 —

LAGAN NAVIGATION: f In Collectors Hands at Balances J Lad)r DaV ,?99 95°' Balances < {n the Xreafury a£ L same Time - - — — — 950 2 6 ,9o Payments made by the Treasury r In Collectors Hands at D1 1 Lady Day 1800 - 815 12 6 Balances -j in the Xreafury at I same Time - - 324 10 — 1,000 % 1,140 2 6

Net Produce for One Year, from Lady 1799 to Lady Day 1800 ----- - £-

2,140 2 6 VO a f a

Improvement of the CITY of D U B LI N: fin Collectors Hands at Balances J LadY Day 1799 - 315 9 4 Balances < In the Xrcafury at L same Time - - 2,471 13 3f a.787 7i 8,001 7 11 1 Payments made by the Treasury - r In Collectors Hands at ______ 1 Lady Day 1800 - 1,486 1 3 Balances < In the Treasury at L same Time - - 2,012 11 5} 7*289 17 10 3*498 12 Si

Net Produce for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800 ----- - £

10,788 10 6| 10,788 10 6J

Repairs of the ROYAL EXCHANGE and COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS: Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1799 - Net Produce for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800 ----- £ 232 16 — 4 1.5H >4 6 Payments made to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings - - - Balance in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 - . >>437 3 307 7 —

1,744 10 6 i»744 10 6

TILLAGE DUTIES: Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1799 £. 970 it 5i Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 £. . 970 11 si

/ PROTESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS: Balances in Coile&ort Hands at Lady Day 1799 - - £ 534 1 2 1 1 Balances in Collectors Hands at Lady Day 1800 £. * 534 1 2

41 Geo. III.

Appendix.

7*9

(No. 6.) — A General State of the several APPROPRIATED DUTIES in Ireland,

LIGHT HOUSE on the ISLE of ARRAN: Balance >in the Treasury at Lady Day 1799 - £. £. s. t 1,251 9 6| rransfer to Consolidated Fund, pursuant to Act of Parliament £m £ ' 1,25* 9

AIGHT HOUSES round the CO A S T: % Balance in the Treasury at Lady Day 1799 - £. 5,846 3 9 Transfer to Consolidated Fund, pursuant to Act of Parliament £, 5,846 3 9

KING'S INNS: Balance in the Treasury at Lady Day 1799 - - 678 Payments made by the Treasury - 678 — —

Net Produce for One Year, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800 - *>73° Balance in the Treasury at Lady Day 1800 - - *>73°

£ 3,408 £> 3,408

VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS: Balance in the Treasury at Lady Day 1799 - - 4.884 11 n| l Payments made by the Treasury 321 6 —

Net Produce for One Year, from Lady Day 1799

to Lady Day 1800 - - - 16,803 15 1 Balance in the Treasury at Lady Day 1800 - *1,367 — f

£- 21,688 7 — j £ . 21,688 7 — $

Appendix,

(No. aa)

13t* March,

continued.

Step. Moore,

Acc‘ Gen1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Appendix,

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce of the Tax upon IN C O M E, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, as far as the same can be made up and estimated; distinguishing the Amount in consequence of Adeflments by the Commercial Commissioners.

(No. ai.)

24A& M.


Amount of Assessments, as far as the same can be made up and estimated:

By Commissioners for General Purposes, and Commissionera of Appeal -

By Commercial Commissioners....

Amount of Voluntary Contributions received from the ill of January 1800 to the lft of January 1801 ——

£ ' d.

4.348>S»3 — — i»394»837 " ""

79»S9I '9 4

5,822.74* *9 4

About 1-5th of the Sum assessed by Commercial Commissioners, arises from Property not derived

from Trade.

Office for Taxes, 1

Z3d March 1801. tf. Parker.

VOL. 56.

9?

79°

Appendix

A.. 1801

Appendix, (No. 22.) 2$ th March.

kT°' * — An ACCOUNT, shewing how the MONEY given for the Service of the Year ending Lady Day 1800, for Ireland, with the REMAINS on the former Year, has been Disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads.

SERVICE.

'‘Army ——

£ Army Abroad -

1,046,729 10 General Officers - -

Arrear on < Garrisons - - - - ,

25th March Recruiting - -

1798. Militia -

Miscellaneous Services

Total of ARREAR -

Army (including .£.75,000 transferred from Recruiting Grant of Session

>799) ....

Army serving Abroad - - - *

Additional Pay for Dublin Duty - -

General Officers ——

Muster Master General, &c. -

Garrisons, and their Incidents -

Recruiting, &c. (deducing £.75,000 transferred to Army Grant Session

*799) ....

Half Pay Officers ——

Officers Widows ——

Extra Expence of Forage - -

Ordnance ——

Contingencies for Army and Militia, under the Head of Barracks -

Royal Hospital ——

Royal Military Infirmary - -

Militia....

Dill rid Corps ——

Commissariat Establishment - -

Medical Board.....-

Military Hospitals and Medicaments -

Reduced Chaplains ——

fiat and Forage ——

Regular and Militia Forces of Great Britain serving in Ireland -

Total of Military Establ

ISHMEKT

Remains of Grants for Year to Lady Day 1799*

£ ' a

356,544 14 8$

356,544 14 8|

143,612 8 4

100,870 lS 7

l0,357 8 11 9

377 7 7 1

I»,99 11 1

74*498 l7 31

2,190 *5 71

3*°95 7 H

4I>945 >7 4i

59.uo 18 Si

43.520 5 9i

948 7 4}

348 12 _

482,076 14. gj

Grants for Year to Lady Day 1800. Total GRANTS. PAYMENTS. REMAINS at Lady Day 1800.

£ ' d. £. . £. d. ' j»336 7 "i 3,481 6 3 46 £ ' i.

356.534 ‘4 8l ( ,86 S34 6 ^i 8,838 8 3i 6,246 19 2i J 334.87S 6 5i

----- 356,544 14 8J 21,669 8 z\ 334.8,'5 6 si

‘'*93.955 4 2 1.437.567 6 1,370,21s 3 4| 67*35S 9 »i

98,327 12 6 199,198 8 1 *79-559 *4 *0* 19,638 13 2*

10,000 10,000 — 11 10,000 11

43.484 7 i 53,841 11 4i 48,637 2 5 5,204 8 ni

5,428 9 6$ 5,805 17 2 5,268 10 I 15 537 6 2{

5.731 16 2* 6.931 8 1 i 6,152 s 81 779 2 s

7*77° *7 6 82,269 '4 6,295 *3 5i 75*974 4i

1 *,699 7 8| >3,890 3 3l 10,117 19 ij 3.772 4 2i

5,569 4 — 8,664 > > 8'- 5,lSl l6 TO 3,482 14 ioi

'83.077 18 4 225,023 15 8J 147,984 8 n] 77,039 6 8f

442.659 7 9{ 501.770 6 3| 392,754 109,016 6 3j

350,000 — 27»97* 11 9 350,000 — 1 27,971 12 9 348,709 2 11 27,971 12 9 *,290 17 1

3,000 3»oco 2,7*7 *4 7 273 5 5

778,i 12 — 1 if 821,632 6 9 699,846 10 7 121,785 16 2

687h85 12 4 687,485 12 4 607,092 16 9! 80,392 15 6£

*3*.7S3 7 4 *32.753 7 4 105,820 2 2j 26,933 5 ji

8,902 2 3 A 9,850 9 8 8,476 18 3 *>373 5

1 2*169 2 12,169 6 2 11,049 2 1,120 4 if

4,369 37»too 4,369 — 37,448 12 — 4,055 12 — 37,448 12 — 313 8 —

815.555 — 8*5-555 4*9-754 *8 — i 395.800 1 ni

965,122 2 3 5,447,198 16 11J 4.455,1*6 17 91 992.OS I 19 2 J

(continued) - - - - Officer?

ACCOUNT of the Disposition of Money — continued.

SERVICE. Remains of Grants for Year to Lady Day 1799* Grants for Year to Lady Day 1800. Total GRANTS. PAYMENTS. 4 REMAINS at Lady Day 1800.

£ * £ £ Sm £ ' d. £ ' d.

Officers of the House of Commons 10,078 I 4 10,078 1 4 10,078 1 4

Public Officers for several Services 2,060 — — 2,060 — — 1,260 — — 800 — —

Public Hospitals and Schools - - - 8,892 1 — { 48,196 11 7 57,088 12 71 53*35* 4 5 M+ C4 00 to

Miscellaneous Services - - - 5,604 17 — f 114,065 3 119,670 — 7 107,450 12 9 12,219 7 IO

Linen and Hempen Manufactures - - 21,600 — — 21,600 21,600 — —

Board of First Fruits - - - 5,000 — — s,oooo 5,000 — —

Dublin Society ----- -- 5,5oo 5,500 5,500

Corporation for Paving, Lighting, &c.

the Streets of Dublin ----- 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — —

Commissioners of Wide Streets - - 4,500 — — 4,500 4,500

Roman Catholic Seminary at Maynooth 2,054 17 5 ----- 2,054 17 5 2,054 17 5

Re-building St. Andrew's Church - - 1,000 1,000 — — 1,000 — —

Total of MISCELLANEOUS - £. 16,551 >5 Si 221,999 16 5! 238,55111 ui 221,794 15 ii 16,756 16

Append;;,

(No.

25 th March.

continued.

ABSTRACT OF THE FOREGOING ACCOUNT.

ARREAR on 25th March 1798 - - 356,544 14 8| 356,544 14 21,669 8 334.875 6 si

MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT - 482,076 14 8| 4,965,122 2 3 5,447,198 16 ii| 4,455,116 17 pi 992,081 19 2j

MISCELLANEOUS *6,551 15 Si 221,999 16 238,551 11 ii| 221,794 15 11 16,756 l6

£ 855,173 4 iof 5,187,121 18 8| 6,042,295 3 7| 4,698,581 1 11 1.343.714 *

Treasury Office, Ireland.

George Shee,

Vol. 56.

Appendix, (No. 22.) a$tb March.

continued.

79 2

Appendix.

A. i8bi.

No. 2. — An ABSTRACT of the R E CE IPT S and 1 SS U E S of the TREASURY for IRELAND,

Remains on 25th March

1799*

'Loan

Linen -Improving Dublin -

Irish Fisheries - -

Light House on the Isle of Arran Light Houses round the Coast King's Inns -^Voluntary Contributions -Consolidated Fund, deficient -

£ ' 284.984 — 3 1,925 9 6 3,471 >3 31

36,719 14 8

1,251 9 5.846 3 9

678 ——

4,884 11 11

£ ' <*

Ordinary Revenue Quit Rent Cafoalties -DifmiiTed Collectors -Stamps -

Ditto - Rankers Comp oft don

142,526 10 — £ 747 3 2

09

A- I ss u*

M 1 9 — 4

Cd 'o

U a 0 U,

Cd

cd

Portage ——

Duty on Wrought Plate ..

Public Cod Yards -

Wool Licences ——

Four Shilling Tax on Salaries and Pensions - — - — on Profits of Employments

Sale of Quit Rents -

Poundage Fee in the Year to Lady Day 1800 Pells Fee.....fame Time -

On Debentures, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum (£. 5,000 from 8th March 1799, and £ 6,000 from 3d July 1799) issued to the Royal Canal, in Part of £. 25,000 granted Session 1798..... . -

On Debentures, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, /. 2,000,000 (Part of the Supplies provided for Session 1799) to which is attached a Premium in Treasury Bills, at the Rate of £. 24. 15 x. per Cent amounting to £. 495,000, bearing an Interest at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, from 25th December 1798, and payable 24th June 1801 -

From the Government of Great Britain, a Loan of £. 3,000,000 British (borrowed in Part of the Supplies provided for Session 1799,) and by which a Debt is created of £ 5,250,000 Briuih. making £. 5,687,500 Lriffi, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, from sundry Dates, payable in London ——

338>76* 3 — I

4»95°

2i

On Treasury Bill, at £.5 perCent. per Annum, from 24th June 1799 (Part of the Supplies provided for Session 1799) -

On Treasury Bill,at^. 5 per Cent, per Annum, from 24th July 1799 - Ditto

On First Lottery of 1799, in full of the Subscription....

On Second Lottery of 1799, in full of the Subscription ——

From the Board of Works, the Amount of the Sale of old Furniture, sold by Auction at Dublin Castle in February 1799 ——

From the Commissioners of Barracks, the Amount of the Sale of Huts at Blaris Camp -

From the Collector of Limerick, on Account of the Produce of Two Cargoes of Wheat shipped at Limerick, in the Year 1792, for France, but seized and sold by Order of Government ——

1,168,713 17 ii£ 71 8 11

2,728 16 8

1,265 — 3

143,273 13 a* 18,218 18 4

I, 922 »3 6

4,944 4

104 ——

8,637 6 io£

45 »* 3i

5.987 2 i

32,383 — ni 6,476 10 9:

II, 000 — —

2,000,000 — —

CO

H

(U

>-!

a

cm

U

S

2

Cl,

From the Lords of the Admiralty of Great Britain, on Account of Advances made by several Collectors in this Kingdom for Seamens Wages -

From the Fund appropriated for the Encouragement of Irish Fisheries, the Remains of said Fund on 25th March 1800, transferred pursuant to Act of Parliament -

From the Fund appropriated for the Light House on the Isle of Arran - - Ditto

From the Fund appropriated for the Light Houses round the Coart - - Ditto

fLoan from the several Collectors.....- . _

Ditto, Gain by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain.

Lagan Navigation ....

Improving Dublin - - - ....

Irish Fisheries ....

Ring's Inns

.Voluntary Contributions ....

3,250,000 ——

600.000 — —

100.000 —

182.500 ——

182.500 ——

154 4 71

575 4 8*

333,811 I 9i

Treasury Office,' Ireland. 1

*.431.643,811 40,14611 7*

7.774-575 11

I>47*-79° _

1,3*4 10 6,830 16 118 13 7

d &

in One Ye a it, from Lady Day 1799 to Lady Day 1800; together with the REMAINS.

CO

D

C/3

co

<±r

13

a

z

P

u«

a

h

Q

>-1

O

O

Z

o

/State Officers -Chancery -Exchequer -King's Bench -

Common Pleas Cullom Officers incidents -Court of Appeals Court of Admiralty -Office of Imprelt Accounts Barracks and Board of Wc»ks Nonconforming Ministers -Secret Service -kConcordatum -

Pensions - -

/Army -Aimy Abroad -Additional Pay for Dublin Duty General Officers Muller Mailer General, &c. Garrisons -Recruiting, Sec.

Half Pay Officers Widows of Officers -Extra Expence of Forage Ordnance -

{ Barracks -

a

P-.

Royal Hospital -

Boval Infirmary ——

Militia ——

Dillrldl Corps ——

Commissariat Establishment -‘

Medical Board ——

Military Hospitals and Medicaments -

Bat and Forage ——

O t

Reduced Chaplains ——

British Regular and Militia Forces serving in Ireland ^Manning the Fleet ——

Pu

Vote of Credit ——

Public Infirmaries ——

Public Coal Yards ——

Army Baggage....

Lottery Expences ——

Police -

J Inspector General of Prisons -c (inland Navigations ——

Transportation of Felons -Fees on Auditing Treasury Accounts -Imprell Office ——

Secret Service in detecting Trcasonable Conspiracies Annuities ——

Judges Additional Salaries -

c

a

u,

O

2 3'

c

Officers of the House of Commons -Public Officers for several Services -Public Hospitals and Schools -Miscellaneous Services -

Linen and Hempen Manufacture -

Board of Fir It Fruits -

Dublin Society ——

Corporation for Paving, Sec. the Streets cf Dublin Commissioners of Wide Streets -Roman Catholic Seminary at Mayncoth Re-building St. Andrew's Churca -

Relief of Loyalists ——

Prizage ——

Lottery Prizes ——

Principal of Debentures

Principal of Treasury Bills -

Sinking Fund Expences -

Re-payment to the Government of Great Britain, so much received therefrom prior to 25th March 1799, 4^5,779. is. 11 J. British.

cn D

CO

CO

CO

Q

Z

D

u*

Q

Pu

O

CL,

PU

O

Principal of Debentures -intereil on Government Stock -

- - - - on Debentures....

- - - - on Treasury Bills -

Life Annuities ——

Bank Annuity ——

Long Annuities Short Annuities 1

Sinking Fund ——

Diicuuut on Prompt Payment of Loan Depoiites, See.

£ X. d.

63,043 9 uf

7,885 1 9(

26,635 19 7k

6,741 '5 1

S« 333 ij —

5.598 *5 1

3, C>30 5 1 >*f

1,500 — — 1 w

750 —

4-1©4 — 5f

3-934 I 3f

8,137 10 —

S-S6 7 — 21

7,085 12 Ill

*,372,548 11 4

183,041 I if

10,000 — —

48,683 2 5

5,268 IO i'f

6,338 5 8?

6,830

10,117 19 if

5.(81 16 10

147,984 8 i'f

392.754 — —

348,709 2 11

27,971 12 9

2-727 !4 7

700,6S4 18 'of

607 092 16 9k

105,820 2i

8,476 18 3

11,049 2 1 2

37.448 12 —

4-°S5 12 —

419.754 18 . I

22,783 10

4.

5,100 — 11,703 13 23>73* 3 9.512 17

j 6,95 3 9

200 —

u,oooo — . 8,256 1,665 3,068 6,185 26,315

4

*9

12

11

18

II

2

1

1

6|

5

3i

9

19,400 — —

10,078 1 4

1,260 ——

53>3S1 4 S

113=697 11 nJ

21,600 — —

5.000 — —

5fSoo ——

10,000 — —

4,500 ——

2,054 17 5

1.000 — —

200 — 500409 3

312,834 4 74,644 8

48,53919 73»,2S —

10,726 J9

51,962 7

240,584 8

22,415 17

Appendix, (No. 22.)

25 th March.

continued.

*49-347 7 135,500 4

5

3i

4,493,322 16 10 462,450 II 6j

*43'©93 9 5

228i04l 15

169,441 3

2,061 17 797,097 — 4,800 — 710,900 — 35*5 2

4

437-4*7 7

4

*f

7>*33.®39 *4 *1

4

8

Voluntary Contributions -

Linen ——

Lagan Navigation -Improving Dublin

Irish Fisheries, transferred to ConsolidateJ Fund Light House on the lfle of Arran, Ditto Light Houses round the Coaii, Ditto King's Inns ——

la*

Rem tins on

th March 1 So®.

-ri (Loan -~ # Linen -"Z-a 1 Improving Dublin o a \ Lagan Navigation I King's Inns -< \Voluntary Contributions - Fund.

421,332 — 8$

M3* >5 *

2,012 II 51 324 IO —

2,730 -

21,367 1 — 4

1 448,857 18 3})

535,785 16 4J

BTid

*»33S>442 ,d *»

321 6 —

793 14 S i,cOo — — 7,289 17 10 36,838 8 34

i»25* 9

5,846 3 9

678 — —

6i

8,623,301 4 1

984,683 14

0^07,984

>^'18 9i)Qgje

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

26/// March.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th said Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1801 (subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may ariie from the Decrease in the Charge, to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793; and also, the Income derived from the Duties imposed in each fubi'c-Charge was created in each of the said Years.

INCOME.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducting £. 116,676. 5. 8. by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to

Account of Duties pro A0 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES - ....

!By Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper A0 1704, in Lieu of Duties then

repealed, at £. 75,000 per Annum -By - - D® - - Cap. 33. out of D° on Spirit Licences, A° 1794, at £. 36,000 per Annum

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES....

Compositions for Stamps per Bank - -

rBy Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A° 17931

in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 128,600 per Annum - -

By Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of D® on Hats, A° 1796, in Lieu of D#, at

/ £-9,479- «« Per D°- - -

By D° - - - - Cap. 52. out of D° Legacies, A° 1796, in Lieu of D°, at

1 £. 41,079 per D° -....

By D° 37 - - - Cap. 19. out of T>° Deeds, - A® 1797, in Lieu of D°, at

156,605 per D° - -

Brought to this Account:

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duties on Sugar now Annually granted Surplus of Duty on Tobacco ----- - - D°- -

D® - - - Malt ----- --- L°-

INCIDENTS:

.£.242,548 3 2}

-167.977 —

- 72>523 ——

Reserved — By Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. out of Confold Letter Money, being the computed Annual Produce of

that Duty prior to the Year 1795, at jC-410*55^ Per Annum -Reserved — Out of Confold Duty on Salt, in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 374,220 per Annum,

by Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 65.

Houses and Windows, A° 1798, at £. 327,900 per Annum - - - - -D° on Account of Commutation Duty, at £. 5 j 5,000 D9 - - - - -Inhabited Houses, A° 1798, at £. 148,600 per Annum ——

Male Servants - A° 1798, at £. 93,000 - D° ——

Riding Horl'es - A° 1798, at £. 106,000 -D° ——

Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, A° 1798, at £. 200,000 per Annum

Reserved — From Duties Confold by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 U 41. in Lieu of < Duties then repealed — Out of - - - -1

Seizures -

Profers ——

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty -

bd. per £, on Pensions -

1 - D° - on Salaries -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, A0 1711 and 1784

Land Tax on Pensions and Personal Estates -

Rent of a Light House -

Lottery Licences -

Rent of Alum Mines ——

f Carts -

Male Servants -

Female Servants Salt, A0 1787 -63d - - 4/. Aid, A® 1799 -

64th- -4/. - D° - 1800 -

Arrears of 44th - - 4j.

56th - - 4 j.

57th - - 4/.

58th - - 4s.

59th - - 4/.

60th - - 4 s

4-s

61A 6 zd

Duty on Malt -D9

Aid, A° 1780 . - 1792

- - - 1793

- - - 1794

1795

1796

1797

1798 1796 1798

- A

-Mon ey Reserved for the Use of the Public, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to Act 30 Geo. III. ....

Carried forward

- £

£- S. d.

2,667,585 IO 4!

5,809,289 — —

75,000 — —

475 — —

1,065,879 — —

12,000 — —

128,600 — —

9479 11 —

4*079 — —

156,605 — —

9.9 70,267 1 4*

483 048 3 21

*0,453,315 4 7

410,556 — —

374,220 — —

327,900 — —

515,000 — —

148,600 — —

93,000 — —

106,000 — —

195,164 4 10i

5S."S 3 1

618 8 11

3 *3 4

802 1 3

49-2i + 6 10 \

36 34S *5 H

6,045 16 3

24,000 — —

56,250 — — *

6 *3 4

1,118 *5 9

960 — —

1 12 —

3 3 —

12 18 /i

4,078 *9 3l

*9 6

248,110 11 Si

8,250 — —

8,464 8 1

3,841 6 11

814 12 11

1,031 — —

3.847 5 2

22,168 12 1

8,475 I 6

500 — —

7*55 11

24'334 6 17

1*3* *4-7 *r 57 1

January 1801; and also, of the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year; add of the Future Annual Charge, upon the of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt); distinguishing the Income applicable quest Year; together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year; and in respect of what Sums Raised, or Bills Funded, such

CHARGE.

E X C H E QJJ E R;

Annuities for Long Terms,/. 14 per Cents.

2>7ths Excise -/. 3,700 per Week A° 1706 -

per 1 ft Act: - -

2d Act

2 and 3 Lives

1707

1708

1708

A* 1745....

1746....

>757 ....

>77*....

1779 ....

with Benefit of Survivorship, A° 1766 ——

----- ---- - 1789, and Management - -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

On their present Capital of/. 24,065,084. 13. 11 § . at/. 3 per Cent, per Annum

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuities on /. 1,919,600, at/. 3 per Cent, per Annum ——

BANK OF ENGLAND:

On their Capital of/.4.000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company, with Charges of Management -

500,000, for cancelling Exchequer Bills -/ 1,250,000, granted A0 1714

/. 1,750,000, ----- --1719 -

/. 3,200,000, ----- -1743; with Charges of Management

./. 986,000, - ----- -1746....

Annuities on 1

at

')£ 3 Per Cent-

per Annum.

D*

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuities on /. 98,292,910. 12. 9 £. the present Capital of /. 3 per Cent. Confol4 Annuities;

with Charges of Management ——

- - D* - on /. 34.563,057. 1. 5. the present Capital of /. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D°....

- - /. 1,000,000, at /. 3 per Cent, granted A° 1726: with D° -

- - /. 17,869,993. 9. 10. Confol4/. 5 per Cent. Annuities; with D*

- - /. 32,750,000. - - D° - /. 4 perCent. - - D° - with D° -

- for 99, 98, 8o, 78, 77, 75f, and 69J Years, granted Annis 1761, 1762, 1780, 1782, 1783, 1784, and 1790; with D° -

- for 10 Years, granted A* 1777 -

- for 30 and 29 Years, granted 1778 and 1779, and for i8| Years, A® 1790, in Lieu of Life Annuities at the Exchequer, A° 1789; with Charges of Management

For-the Support of His Majesty's Household ——

Edward Roberts, Esquire, Chief Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on /. 650 per Annum, formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for Salaries to the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, but now payable to him by Ad 23 Geo. III.

Anne Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences -The Judges of England and Wales, in Augmentation of their Salaries -Duke of Gloucester ----- --on hi» Annuity -

Ditto - - ----- ----- - on D°-

Duke of York ----- ----- - on D°-

Duchess of York - -- --.....on her Annuity -

Duke of Clarence - -- - on his Annuity -

Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esquire - - - on I> -

Earl of Chatham ——

Lord Rodney ——

Lord Hcathfield - -- - on D°

Lady Dorchester - -- - on D#

on I>

on Da

Carried forward - - - /

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1801.

Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January i8ci.

0 /. d. £ /. d.

48.5*5 2 6 48,5*5 6

6,36s 12 — ' 6,365 12 —

31.830 6 8 31,830 6 8

24724 11 6 24724 II 6

8,152 2 2 8,152 2 2

4,918 12 7 4,918 12 7

10.597 5 3 i°>597 5 3

8,195 12 — 8, *95 12 —

iz,3*8 5 — 12,318 5 —

22,466 10 — 22,466 IC —

24,567 S — 24,567 5 —

2,769 *3 — 2,769 13 —

5,174 18 7 5.174- 18 7

54° — — 540 — —

43>742 1 43742 1

735.974 >3 11 73S>97 4 11

58'346 11 9 5®»3+3 4 3

121,898 3 5

15,000 — —

37.50° ——

52,500 ——

100,000 ——

29,604 — —

Noti

121,898 3 5

15,000 — —

37.500 ——

52.500 — — 100,000 — —

29,604 — —

998,068 2 65 2,987,140 12 3r

,069,324 4 2 1,055,885 18 1

30,450 — — 3°>45° — —

9OI»>4* 3 51 901,541 3 5t

,324,509 7 — 1>32±>SC9 7 — *

712,668 11 712,668 11 6-1

25,060 — — 25,000 — —

423,039 5 9? 423,039 5 9i

898,000 " " 898,000 —

650 650

20 — — 20 — —

13,050 — — 13,050 — —

8.coc — — 8,000 — - —

9,000 — — 9,000 — —

14,000 — — 14,000 — —

4,000 — — 4,000 — —

12,000 — — 12,000 — —

3,000 — — 3,000 — —

4,000 — — 4,000 — -

2,000 — — 2,000 — —

1,500 — — 1,500 — —

1,000 — 1 1,000 — —

,l7°,522 — 9! 9,836,152 *7 —

The Capital Stock of /. 3 per Cent. Confol4 Annuities wTas heretofore/. 107,399,696. 5/. 1 \d % but Is reduced as above by reason of /. 9,106.785. 12. 4*. transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of Land Tax Redeemed before iff February i8ci; and the Capital of/. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities was /. 41*540,073. 16. 4. but is now reduced as above by /. 6,977,016. 14. 11, transferred in like Manner before ift February 1801: On which Capital so transferred thelnterest and Management ceases to be paid.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 2.6th M

continued\

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

2.6th March.

continued.

ACCOUNT of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Great Britain.

I N C O M E —

Brought forward - - - JT.

Money Paid by Charles Litchfield, Esq. in Part of the Penalty of a Bond against Edward Wbarman and Edward Jones Edward Roberts, Esq. First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, being Residue of Exchequer Fees Brook Watson, Esq. on Account of Oats, &c. bought for the Use of the Troops in Holland, but brought here and fold ——

D° ----- on Account of Hay and Com sold by Claude Scott, Esq.

Claude Scott, Esq. on Account of Corn fold for the Use of Government -Major General E. Cuyler, Quarter Master General in the West Indies -William Willoughby Prefcotc, Esq. on Account of Kender Mason, Esq. lace Contractor for East

Florida ....

Major General D'A ubant, Chief Engineer at Toulon and Corsica - - - *

J. Morrison, Esq. Deputy Commissary in North America ——

H. Le Mefurier, Esq. late Superintendant of the Southern District of England, &c.

Joseph White, Esq. Solicitor to the Treasury, on Account of Mcftrs. Boyd, Benheld, and Co. Joseph Burton, on Account of R. Bamacott, in Part of the Penalty of a Bond -D® - -- -- - A. Wright, - in Part of D°

E. Vaux, Esq. on Account of Oxen fold for the Use of Government -Charles Goddard, Esq. Agent for Upper Canada ——

Archer Huddleftone, Esq. on Account of Stoppages for Provision from Royal Artillery when at Newfoundland ——

Imtrest Moniy R«-paid by Hugh Montgomerie, now Earl of Eglinton, Inspector of Roads in North Britain -

General Robert Melville, late Governor of the Ceded islands -Joseph White, Esq. Solicitor to the Treasury, on Account of the late Richard Rieby, Esq. Paymaster of the Forces ——

Jbfeph Planta, Esq. et al. on Account of Interest of Exchequer Bills -Dr. J. M. Nooth, late Purveyor of Hospitals at Rhode Island in America -Hon. H. E. Fox, Administrator of late Lord Holland, late Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces ——

J. Bullock, Esq. late Agent for the Province of Senegambia -Alexander Murray, Purveyor of the King's Hospital at Martinique ... J. Smith, Esq. for Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital -

N. Day, Esq. late Commissary General in Canada - -

isaac Chalmer, Esq. on Account of the Right Hon. Charles Townshend, late Treasurer of the Chamber ——

Richard England, Deputy Major General and Quarter Mailer in North and South Carolina and Virginia -

TOTAL INCOME applicable to paying the CHARGE,) for Debt exilling prior to the Year 1793 - - £. j

__ £- '

l3M7*7S7 1

927

40,520

45.000

86.000

70.000 1,817

3-356

z7

1,12;

15.000

17.000 2

19 —

13 6

1 10$

5 4

2 iii

*3 3t

381

29

10 6 16 3

11 4

100 — —

7*9

5»°35

>7.875

7-545

3»S

7-370

300

20,323

180

8

19

13

H 31 *4 3i

13 —

is H

14 6J

2,200 — —

+44 > 7i

DUTIES

pro Anno 1793:

British Spirits, A0 1791 ——

Game Duty ——

Surplus of Duty on Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid -Reserved out of Dudes consolidated by Acts 1798, Cap. 40 and 41, in Lieu of Duty of £.10 per Cent, then repealed

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

Sugars, A0 1791 (Arrears) ——

Foreign Spirits ——

British D* - - A° 1794....

Foreign D* - - D® -

Surplus of Spirit Licences, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid

- DJ - - Paper (Excise) - - - D°

Paper (Customs) -

Glass -....

Bricks and Tiles (Customs) ——

- - D® - - - (Lxcile) ——

Slates and Stones -

Attornies Articles -

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duty on Sugar

British Spirits -Foreign D®

Wines - *

Sweets -

Cocoa -

Stamps -

Ship Policies

Hair Powder Certificates

Receipts -

Fruit, Silk, &c.

Coals -Tea

DUTIES pro Anno 1795:

Spirit Licences ——

Referred out of Confold Letter Money, being the computed Annual Increase of Revenue by reason of the Reflridion in Franking, by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. ——

>4-49>>429 9 3>

85,3,7 ——

22,950 ——

98,994 ——

86,624 7 6

294,085 7 6

136 5 io| ,67,802 — —

84-735 ——

>73-458 — —

88,927 ——

781 7 7i

47,428 ——

— >3 >>s

5 5 *6 52 — —

,4.589 ,6 4

21,787 ——

655.297 3

52,442 16

9

9*

707,740 — 6i

87, >67 ——

>73->'3 ——

496 428 — —

7,369 ——

30,136 — —

36,623 ——

130,52 ——

95,695 ——

9,690 — — _

97,464 17 >5

11,569 14 2

228,665 ——

8,250 --- —

40,000 — —

1,452.69! II 5*

io* the Year ended 5TH January 1801 — continued.

C H A R Cr E — continued.

Brought forward -

Marquis of Bute -.....- - - - on D° -

Philip Deare, Esquire -.....- - - on D°....

Jo-Wigglcsworth, Esquire (Representatives) - - onD° -

Charles Harris, Esquire ----- --- on D° -

John Thomas Batt. Esquire, one of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts.....on D° -

Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, Another - - - on D° -

Sir C. W. R. Boughton - - D3 ----- on D' -

Sir John Dick- - - - - D°.....on D°

John Martin Leake, Esquire - DJ - - - on D° -

Salaries to Clerks, and Contingencies, in the Office of the said Commissioners -John Penn, Esquire - ----- -- on his Annuity -

Richard Penn, Esquire ----- --- on D° -

Charles Duke of Richmond, on his Annuity (granted in Lieu of a Duty upon Coals) by 39 Geo. III. Cap. 84 -

The Master of His Majesty's Mint in England ——

D° - -- Scotland ——

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland -The Sheriffs of England and Wales ——

The Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, by Ad 26 Geo. III.

Incidental expences.

Clerks in the Department of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for their Service in executing the Acts 28 and 30 Geo. III. for granting Relief to American Sufferers, for Three Years, to 10th October 1798 - -

Right Honourable Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Annuity

of £.6,000.....- - -

George Atwood, Esquire, Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Expences attending the Execution of an Act 30 Geo. III. -

The Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Fees of various Natures at the Treasury, Exchequer, and other Offices, in relation to his Accounts of the several Bank Annuities ——

✓The Chief Caihicr of the South Sea Company, for the like Service -William Baldwin, Esquire, Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, established pursuant to Ad 32 Geo. III. to pay the Salaries of Clerks, Sec. of the said Offices ——

Clerks in the Department of the Tellers of the Exchequer, for their Service in executing the Acts 28 and 30 Geo. III. for granting Relief to American Sufferers, for One Year and a Half -Patrick Colquhoun, Esquire, Receiver of the Thames Police Office, established pursuant to Act of Parliament ——

Clerk of the Hanaper.....- - - 7 - -

Total Charge upon Consolidated Fund,existing prior to the Year 1793 - - £.

DEBT incurred in respect of £.4,500,000, raised A0 1793:

Annuities on £.6,250,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - -

- D° - at £. 1 per Cent, on Capitals funded since 5th January 1793, payable to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1801. future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it Rood on the 5th January 1801.

£. i. d. £ ' d.

£ 9,870,522 — gi 9,836,152 17 —

_ 7,000 — — 7,000 — —

- 300 300 — —

- 75

- 200 200 —

1,000 — — 1,000 — —

- 1,000 I,coo —

- 997 4 Si 1,000 —

- 500 500 — —

- 500 — — 500 — —

- 6,000 — — 6,too — —

- 3,000 3,000 — —

Ad 1,000 1,000

_ 19,000 — — 19,000 — —

6,900 13,800 — —

1,200 — — 1,200

- 6*335 *5 — 6,33515 —

4,000 — 4,000 — —

1,000,000 — 1,000,000 — —

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1793

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 11,000,000, raised A° 1794, and by reason of Navy and Victualling Bills, made out before iff March 1793, being funded:

Annuities on £. 11,000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management ——

- D° - on £. 2,750,000, at £.4 per Cent, added to£. 4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with i)° ——

- D° - for 66£ Years, at 11 /. 5 d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities;

with D° ——

- D* - on £. 1,926,525. 12. 5. at £. 5 per Cent, added to£. 5 per Cent. Consolidated Annui-

ties, on Account of Navy Bills, ice. cancelled; with D°

- DJ - at £. i per Cent, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1794

- £-

DEBT incurred in respect of £. i3,oco,ooc, raised A° 1795* an^ by reason Gf Navy and Victualling Bills, made out before 30th September 1793* being funded:

Annuities on £. 18.000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with Charges of Management ——

- D° - on £.6,000,000, at £. 4 per C^nt. added to £. 4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with DJ ——

- D° - for 65 $ Years, at gs. 6d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities;

with D° ——

- D° - on £. 1,609,897. 17. 1.at £.5 per Cent, added to £. 5 per Cent. Consolidated Annui-

ties, on Account of Navy Bills, Scc. cancelled; with D°

- D® - for £. 1 per Cent, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

Total Charge: for Debt incurred in the Year 1795

M3 o ——

1,93613 — 750 —

1,119 —

360 16 1

12,300 -

67S ——

1,849 9 —

M57 7 n

10.942,608 8 3

190,312 10 — 62,500 ——

252,812 io —

Uncertain*

10,901,988 12 —

190,312 10 62,500 —

252,812 10 —

334,95° ——

111,237 I0 _

63*498* 1

97>i93 4 4

j 66,445 5 —

773*3*4 — 9r

548,100 — —

242,700 — —

86,461 17 6

81,219 6 11 268,933 19 6

1,227,415 3 n

Vol. 56.

9 R

334*95° ——

111,237 10 — 63,498 1

97*'93 4 4

166,445 5 —

773*3*4 — 9

548,100 -

242,700 ——

86,461 17 6

81,219 6 11 268,933 19 6

M77'4IS 3 11

Appendix, (No. 23.) 26/// M;

continued. v_________- , uj

Appendix, (No. 23.) 26th March.

nntinutd.

ACCOUNT of the C ON SOLIDATED FUND of Great Britain,

I N C O M 1L--amtinued.

DUTIES

pro Anno 1796:

S. d.

Tobacco, &c. ——

Horse Dealers Licences - -

Wine (Excise)....

D° (Customs) ——

Sweets ——

Surplus of Duty on Legacies, after referring the Average Produce as aforesaid - - D° - - Hats D° - - - D° -

198,027 ——

1,467 — 1,250 — 483,200 — 3i 7,620 — —

99,59! ——

26,843 9 —

Reserved by Acts f Confold Duties on Horses for Riding, &c. at £. ic6,ooooper Annum -38° Geo. 3tU. Cap. 40 \ -D°- - - - D° - Husbandry, at £. 95,000 per Annum -

& 41. in Lieu of Duties,< - D° - - - - Dogs - - - - at £. 70,000 per Annum -

A0 1796, then repealed J Duties Confold A° 1798, in Lieu of the Duty of £. 10 perCent. A° 1796, then repealed, out of - - - C at £. 80,190 per Annum....

Computed Annual Saving by reducing the Allowance for Wade on Salt ——

Taken out of Confold Customs, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar ——

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

Pepper....

Wrought Plate ----- - -....

British Spirits ....

foreign D° -

Auctions - - - - ....

Surplus of Duty on Deeds, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid....

Cocoa ....

Clocb and Watches (Arrears)....

Stage Coaches ....

Sugar, Bricks, See. ....

Bricks....

Tea....

Spirit Licences (Cap. 17.) -

- - D° - - (Cap. 102.) -....

£. 20 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes (Arrears) - -

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Horses for Riding, See. after reserving the Sums directed to be set apart by Act

38 Geo. 111. Cap. 41.

- D° - of D° - - - for Husbandry - - - D°-byD°- - - - Cap. 41.

- D° - of D° - - - - on Houses and Windows - - - D° - by D° - - - - Cap. 40.

- D° - of D° - - - - on Inhabited Houses - -- - D°- by D° - -- - Cap. 40.

- D° - of D°.....* on Male Servants.....D° - by D° - . - - - - Cap. 41.

- D° - of D° - - - on Four & Two-wheeled Carriages D° - by D° - - - - Cap. 41.

- D° - of £. 10 per Cents. A0 1793 - - - -....

D° . Letter Money, after reserving the Sumdiredledby Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. - - -....

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duty on Sugar - , - - - - 49,165 4!

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, &c. on Account of 1,500,000 (Part of Loan of £. 14,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144. 126,799 9 6

DUTIES pro Anno 1798:

Armorial Bearings - ....

Tea.

Spirit Licences....

Surplus of Duty on Salt, after reserving the Sum as direaedby Aa 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89.

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, kc. on Account of f. 2,000,000 (Part of Loan of £.1 7,000,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Act 38 Geo. IH. Cap. go. ..

Brought to this

by A^g Geo. IIL }°Ut of DudM °" InCOme *

SefL % . Cap. 3.; J

106,000 — 95,000 — 67,556 14

7i

90,190 — — 1 32 000 ——

116,676 5 8

1,315421 9 6{

T32»353 7 5

9 - H 86,326 — — 172,839 6 8

69*917 ——

573>748 ——

7*375 -

5'958 13 9l

53,027 ——

114,299 19 —

29,925 ——

289,869 — —

35>7 5° -

500 — —

14.362 5 Si

58,517 2 2

168,721 11 ic-' 468,438 3 7I

39,498 8 5

41,689 10 6 >4* *38 13 —

1 2 — 265,444 ——

2,642,708 4 j\

175,964 12 10:

| 2,818,672 17 5I

2 5,02! —

>43.905 —

87,500 --

473.78' >9

730,207 19

3i

3i

167,371 >9 3

897,579 >*

507,087 18 4

for the Year ended 5th Januart 1801 — continued.

C H A R G E — continued.

By

£. 18,000,000,

raised A® 1796.

r By

£. 7,500,000,

raised

A® 1796.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 18,000,000, and £. 7,500,000, raised A° 1796, and by reason of Navy Bills, &c. made o\i % before the 30th September 1795; being funded:

pAnnuities on £. 21,595,800, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Con-lolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management -

- D3 - on £.4,500,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with D® ——

- D° - for 641 Years, at 6 s. 6d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities; with D° ——

Annuities on £. 8,934,200, at£. 3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management

- D° - on £. 1,859,625, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced

Annuities; with D® ——

- D° - for 63! Years, at 5/. 6d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated

Bank Annuities; with DJ -

Annuities on £. 4,414,074. 4. 6. at £. 5 per Cent, added to£. 5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account of Navy Bills, Sec. cancelled - *

- - at £. 1 per Cent, on the abore Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction

of the National Debt ——

By

£.14,500,000,

created

A* 1797:

By Navy Bills Funded;

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1796 - - £.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 14,500,000, and £. 18,000,000, raised A° 1797» an<* by reason of Navy and Exchequer Bills being funded:

(Annuities on £. 18,125,000, at £. 3. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management ——

- D° - on £. 7,2 50,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent Reduced

Annuities; with D° ——

\ - D® - on £. 2,900,000, at £. 4 per Cent, added to £. 4. per Cent. Con-

I folidated Annuities; with D° ——

I - D° - for 62} Years, at 6s. per Cent, added to Long Confold Bank Annuities; with D° ——

Annuities on £. 16,438,175. 5. at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 perCent.

I Confol4 Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded;

I with Charges of Management ——

- D° on £.765,427. 11. 6. at £.4 per Cent, added to £. 4 per Cent.

Confold Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded; with D° ——

- D° - on£. 2,034,889. 11. 1. at £.5 per Cent, added to £. 5 per Cent.

Confold Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded; with D® -

f Annuities on £. 1,999,699. 4. 4. at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent.

Confol4 Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded; with Charges of Management -

- D° - on £. 104.432. 5. 8. at £, 4 per Cent, added to£. 4 per Cent.

Confold Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded; with D° ——

on £. 270,202. 4. 8. at £. 5 per Cent, added to £. 5 per Cent. Confol4 Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded; with D° ——

- By

Exchequer Bills

Funded:

- D° -

By

£.18,000,000, I Annuities on £.20,124,843. 15. at £.5 perCent; with Charges of Ma-raised [ nagement ——

A° 1797: J

jAnnuiiies, at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sams, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

By

£. q,oooo oco. Part of £. 17,000,000, raised A° 1798:

By

£. 8,000,000, Part of £. 17,000,000, raised A® 1798:

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1798

- £.

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1801.

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1797 - - £.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 17,000,000, raised A0 1798:

Annuities on £.13,500,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities (in respect of £.9,000,000, Part of £. 17,000,000); with Charges of Management -

- D° - on £. 4,500,000, at £. 3 perCent. added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £.9,000,000); with D° -

- D° - for 6 Years at 4/. 11 d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank

Annuiries; with D® ——

- D° - at £, 1 per Cent. on the above Sum payable to the Commissioners

V for the Reduction of the National Debt -

'Annuities on £. 12.000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities (in respect of £.8,000,000 Remainder of the said £. 17,000.000; with Charges of Management -

- D° - on £.4,000,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Reduced

Annuities (in rcljped of the said £. 8,000,000); with D° -

- D® - for 61 i Years at 4 /. 11 d per Cent, added to Long Consolidated

Bank Annuities; with D® ——

c

Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1801.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 26 th March.

continutd.

d.

657,592 2 2 657,592 2 2

137,025 137,025

S9>«58 2 6 59>l58 2 6

272,046 7 9i 2^2,046 7 91

56,625 11 7 56,625 11 7

ro oo O N 18 6 20,813 18 6

222,690 — ioi 222,690 — i°x

424,421 »9 10 424,421 >9 10

1 >8so-37J 3 3

5S!>9°6 S — 220,76a 10 — n 7,305 — —

>.85°>373 3 3

551,906 s — 220,762 10 — I,7>3°5 — —

V 01.. 56.

43>989 7 6 43.989 7 6

500,542 8 8^ 500,54* 8 8£

30,961 10 10 30,961 10 10

102,660 3 6 102,660 3 6

60,890 16 9I 60,890 16 9j

4,224 5 8* 4,224 5 8£

13,631 14 — 13,631 14 —

1,015,298 7 4 1,015,298 7 4

706,046 13 7 706,046 13 7

3,368,219 a 3,368,219 2 114

411,075 — 411,075

137,0,5 — 37>Cj25 *

22,373 ,8 's 22,373 18 i{-

182,380 — — ' 182,880 —

753-353 18 753-353 18

365,400 " 365,400

121,800 ia 1,800 — — *

19,887 >8 4 19,887 18 4

1,260,441 16 5t 1,260,441 si

8oo

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

26 tk March.

ctnt'mkid.

----- ---.1 ----- --'

A. 1801.

ACCOUNT of the CONSOLIDATED

FUND of Great Britain,

income.

con tmucci.

DUTIES pro Anno 1799;

Coffee and Sugar - -

Duty on Small Notes ——

Compositions for Stamps on D°, &c. by the Bank of England -

Money paid by MefTrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, Sec. on Account of £. 3,000,000 (Part of Loan of £ 15,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 114.

jr. s. d. 138,005 12 —

2r,538 -

12,000 -

Brought to this

by Act Cap.

'JUglU 10 iniS

Account, I 39 Geo. III. f >. 3* Sell: 2. j

Out of Duties on Income.

DUTIES pro Anno 1800:

British Spirits Foreign D° Tea

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, &c. on Account of 3,000,000 (Part of Loan of £.*0,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Act 40 Geo. III. Chap. at. - -

171 >5+3 12 —

212,352 19111

383,896 11 11 I

620,365 2 9 I

52,227 ——

120,555 4

I I 1,270 —

Brought to this Account, % Out of Duties on Income -by Act 40 Geo. III.,

j

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, applicable towards paying the Charge existing prior to the \ ear

1793 ....

Total of Duties imposed towards defraying Additional Charge created A° 1793

- - D°.....- - D°.....1794 ——

- - D° - -- D° - -- -- - 1795 ——

- - D° - - - -.....D° - - -.....1796 -

- - D°.....D°.....1797....

- - D°.....D°.....1798 ——

- D° - -- DJ - -- -- - 1799 -....

--D*.....- D°.....1800....

Money paid by Abraham Newland, Esquire, on Account of the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills for the Relief of the Grenada Merchants, Sec. by Act 35 Geo. III. ——

284,052 13 4 119,163 ——

403,215 13 4

635,850 ——

4,491,429 9

294,085 7

707,740 — 1,452,691 11 1,315,421 9 2,818,672 17 404.667 16 j 1,004,261 14 1,039,065 13

3i

6

61

c,«. ,„d Dock Duty, brought to M, Afl

Carried forward -

Googh

FOR THE YlAR ENDED JTlV jAHUARt 1801 — «mtimud.

C H A R G E — continued.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 3,000,000, and £. 15,500,000, raised A° 1799:

By

£ 3.000,000

raised.

By

A 4., 500,000, Part of £. 15,^00,000 raised A*1799:

By

£. 11,000,000, Part of L-15,500,000, raised A° 1799:

"Annuities on£. 3,000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent* Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - D° - on £. 2.624,250, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D* ——

D° - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Annuities on £. 5,625,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Con-lolidated Annuities in respect of £. 4,500,000 (Part of £. 15,500,000); with Charges of Management -

- D® - cm £. 2,250,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to£. 3 perCent. Reduced Annuities, in relped of the said £. 4,500,000; with D° -

- D# - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

f Annuities on £. 13,750,000, at£.3 per Cent, added to £. 3 perCent. Consolidated Annuities (in respect of £. 11,000,000, Remainder of the said £. 1 5,500,000); with Charges of Management -- D* - on£. 5,500,000, at £.5 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent.

Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £. 21,000,000; with D° -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1799 DEBT incurred in respect of £. 20,500,000, raised A® 1800:

By £ Annuities on £. 7,700,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Confo-£.7,000,000, lidated Annuities; with Charges of Management -

Part of - D® - on £. 3,290,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced

£.20,500,000, 1 Annuities; withD° ——

raised - D® - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners

A° 1800: _ for the Reduction of the National Debt -

By

£ 13,500,000,

Part of

£. 20,500,000, |

raised

A0 1800:

Annuities on £. 14,850,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - D° - on £. 6,345,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent.

Reduced Annuities; with D° ——

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1800

Total Charge upon Consolidated Fund for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793 -Total Charge for Interest, Management, and £. 1 per Cent, of Debt incurred A* 1793 -

D°

D*

D°

D®

Do

Do

D®

Do

- Do

- D°

- Do

- Do

- Do

1794 -

1795 -

1796 -

1797 -

1798 -

1799 -

1800 -

To pay off and enneel Exchequer Bills made forth by Ad 35 Geo. III. for the Relief of the Grenada Merchants, &c. -

Thomas Mariham, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for iiTuing the said Exchequer Bills, for defraying necessary Expences ——

# Richard Clarke, Esq. Chamberlain of the City of London, in Part of £.72,000 authorized to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, by Ad 39 Geo. 111. Cap. 69. -To Joseph White and William Chinnery, Esqrs. to be by them paid over to various Persons, according to an Award, as a Compensation or Satisfaction for their aligning and surrendering to His Majesty their Rights and Interests in any of the Mooring Chains between London Bridge and Bugby's Hole, in the River Thames, pursuant to Act of Parliament -

A dual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, In the Tear ended 5th January 1801. Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1S01.

£. /. J. £ * A

92,700 — — 91,350 —

81,089 6 6 79,908 8 2{

56,242 10 — 56,242 10 —

230,031 16 6 *27,500 18 24

172,546 17 6 171,281 5 —

81.238 17 3 68,512 10 -i

78,750 78,750 — —

562,567 11 3 546,044 13 24

421,781 s — 418,687 10 —

198,583 17 9 167.47S

1,182,932 14 — 1,132,207 3 2f

231,000 — — *14465 — —

1,490 7 4$ ICO, 180 10 —

82425 — — 109,900 — —

314-915 7 4 444,545 10 —

445,500 — — 452,182 10 _

190.350 193,205 5 —

950.765 7 4* 1,089,933 5 —

10,942,608 8 3 10,901,988 12 —

252,812 10 — 773.3*4 — 9? 1.227,415 3 11 1*850,373 3 3 3,368,219 2 114. 1,260,441 16 54 1,182,932 14 — 950.765 7 4 252,812 to — -773,3*4 ~ 9 1,227,415 3 *,850.373 3 3 3,368,219 2 ni 1,260,441 16 54 1,132,207 3 24 1,089,933 5 —

21,808,89^ 7; *1.856,714 17 7

3,048 I4 p 1,000 — — Uncertain.

21,812,941 1 9j

Carried forward

- £

30,000 ——

159,638 17 6

21,982,579 19 31

Uncertain.

Uncertain.

*1.856,714 17 7

The Sums to be advanced for this Service are to be re-paid, with £. 5 per Cent. Interest, from the Duties created by the above Act

Vo L. 56. 9 S

Appendix; (No. 23.) 26 tb M.

cintinutd.

GoQ^J

8oo

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 26ih March*

continued.

ACCOUNT of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Great Britain.

I N C O M E — continued.

DUTIES pro Anno 1799:

.Coffee and Sugar ....

Duty on Small Notes -

Compositions for Stamps on D°> &c. by the Bank of England - -

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, &c. on Account of £. 3,000,000 (Part of Loan of £. 15,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 114.

£ d.

138,005 12 — 21,538 ——

1 2,000 — —

171 >5+3 12 —

212,352 19 u

383.896 11 11

Brought to this Account, by Ad 39 Geo Cap. 3. Self.

) this 'j

C' 1

eo. III. f

; 2. J

Out of Duties on Income -

DUTIES pro Anno 1 800:

British Spirits Foreign D° Tea

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, &c. on Account of £.3,000,000 (Part of Loan of £. 20,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Ad 40 Geo. III. Chap. 22.

Brought to this Account, by Ad 40 Geo,

this } V

:o. III. 3

Out of Duties on Income

620,365 2 9

52,227 ——

*20,555 *3 4 111,270 — —

284,052 13 4

119,163 — —

403,215 13 4

635,85° —

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, applicable towards paying the Charge existing prior to the Year

*793 ....

Total of Duties imposed towards defraying Additional Charge created A° 1793 ——

- - D°.....D°.....>79+....

- - D0.....D°....

- - D'.....D*....

- - D°....

- - D0.....D° -

- - D°.....D>....

- - D*.....D°....

1795

1796

*797

1798

1799

1800

14,491,429 9 3I

294,085 7 6

707,740 — 61 1452,691 11 j' 1.31 i*42i 9 6J 2,818,672 17 5J 1,404.667 16 io‘ 1,004,261 14 8

1.039,065 13 4

Money paid by Abraham Newland, Esquire, on Account of the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills for the Relief of the Grenada Merchants, Sec. by Ad 35 Geo. III. ....

24528.036- 7

210,700 -

Canal and Dock Duty, brought to this Account, by Ad 39 Geo. Ill, Cap. 69.

Carried forward - - - £

H>738>736 — 1

I49I8 *7 l\

-4-753-6J4 18

for thr Yiar ended jtm Janoart l8ot

' C H A R G E — continued* Aduil Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the-Tear ended 5th January 1801. Future Annua) Char|e upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1801.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 3,000,000, and £. 15,500,006, raised A° 1799: £. /. / £. /. d.

*r £ 3.000,000 1 raised. r Annuities on£. 3,000,000, at£. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Confo-l lidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - 92,700 — — 91,350 — —

) - D° - on £. 2,624,250, at £ 3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D® ----- --- 81,089 6 6 79,908 8 2{

f D° - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt - 56,242 10 — 56,242 10 — .

£ 4.500,000, Part of 'Annuities on£. 5,625,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Con-lolidated Annuities in respect of £.4,500,000 (Part of £. 15,500,000); with Charges of Management - 230.031 16 6 172,546 17 6 *7>50o 18 af 171,281 5 —

£. 15.500,000 raised - D® - on £. 2,250,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to£. 3 perCent. Reduced Annuities, in respect of the f?.id£. 4,500,000; with D® - - D® - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt - 81,238 17 3 68,512 IO —

A* 1799: 78,750 78,750 — —

562,567 11 3 546,044 13

By £. 11,000,000, Part of "Annuities on £. 13,750,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities (in respect of £. 11,000,000, Remainder of the said £. 15,500,000); with Charges of Management - 441,781 s — 418,687 IO

£ 15,500,000, raised A°1799: - D* - on£. 5,500,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £.11,000,000; with D° - ----- - - l6M7S

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1799 - - £. 1,182,93a 14 — 1,132,207 3 af

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 20,500,000, raised A® 1800: By C Annuities on £. 7,700,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to /. 3 per Cent. Confb-

£.7,000,000, 1 lidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - - - 231,000 — — 2^465 —

Part of J £.20,500,000, 1 I - D® - on £. 3,290,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with 1)° ----- --- 1.49° 7 4i / I CO, 180 10 —

raised I ' - D® - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners

A® 1800: ( „ for the Reduction of the National Debt - 82425 109,900 — —

By £. 13,500,000, Part of r* Annuities on £. 14,850,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Con- 1! folidated Annuities; with Charges of Management 3,4>9*S 7 4i 445,500 — — 444,545 IO — 452,182 ID —

£. 20,500,000, i raised A° 1800: - D® - on £. 6,345,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with D° ----- - 190,350 *93»*05 5 —

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1800 - - ‘ - £. 95°>765 7 4i 1,089,933 s —

Total Chakgi upon Consolidated Fund for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793 - 10,942,608 8 3 10,901,988 12 —

Total Crakoi for Interest, Management, and £. 1 per Cent, of Debt incurred A® 1793 - 252,81a 10 — 252,812 IO —

- - D® - - D# - *794 - 773,324 — 9I 77?.324 — 9»

- - D° - - D° >795 1,227,415 3 11 1,227,415 3 11

- - D® - - ----- D® - -- - 1796 - 1,850,373 3 3 ,»85°>373 3 3

- . D® - - 1797 - 3,368,219 2 nf 3,368,219 2 uf

- - D® - - D» 1798 - 1,260,441 16 si 1,260,441 16 si

- - D® - I> - - - 1799 - 1,182,932 If — 1,132,207 3 2*

- - D® - - - - ~ D» - -- - 1800 - 950,765 7 4 1,089,933 5 —

f 11,808,892 7 — 2 *1*856,714 17 7

To pay off and cancel Exchequer Bills made forth by Ad 35 Geo. III. for the Relief of the Grenada Merchants, &c. ----- ----- -- 3,04814 9 )

Thomas Marsham, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for ilfuing the said Exchequer Bills, for > Uncertain.

defraying nec diary Expences - -- 1,000 — — 1

2 Richard Clarke, Esq. Chamberlain of the City of London, in Part of £. 72,000 authorized to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, by Ad 30 Geo. Ilf. Cap. 6q. - 11,812,941 i 91 30,000 — — I Inccrtain.

To Joseph White according to an and William Chinnery, Esqrs. to be by them paid over to various Persons, Award, as a Compensation or Satisfaction for their assigning and surrendering

to His Majesty their Rights and Interests in any of the Mooring Chains between London Bridge and Bugby's Hole, in the River Thames, pursuant to Act of Parliament - 139,638 17 6 U rnccrtain.

Carried forward - - - £. 2 1,982,57919 3$ 2: 1,856,71417 7

Appendix; (No. 23.) 26 tb March.

ctntinutd.

The Sums tg be advanced for this Service are to be re-paid, with £. 5 per Cent. Interest, from the Duties created by the above Ad.

Vo l. 56. 9 S

Appendix, (No. aj.) a 6th March.

continued.

ACCOUNT of thi CONSOLIDATED FUND of Great Britain — continued.

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1801. Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1801.


21,982,579 19 3j 21,856,714 17 7

65,000 65,000 — —

12,000 — — 12,coo — —

I 2,000 — — 12,000 — —

2,000 2,000 — —

2,000 — 2,000 — —

2,000 2,000 —

2,000 — — < 2,000 —; —

3.175 Si 2,000 — —

3,038 9 2\ 2,000 — —

740 19 7 500 ~ —

3-494 Uncertain*

7.937 4 — Uncertain.

22,097,966 9 8$ 21,958,21417 7

I N C O M IL — cotitinu'J.

TOTAL INCOME of the CONSOO L1DATED FUND, in the Yearly, ended 5th January 1801 - - - -3

C H A R G E — continued.

Additional charges, for which

additional Provision has been made:

no

His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, on His Annuity of £.65,000, by Act 35 Geo. III.

- - D* - - Edward Duke of Kent, on

£. 12,000, by Act 39 Geo. III.

- . D* - - Ernefl Augustus Duke of

Cumberland, on Dw, - - by D# - -

John Earl St. Vincent, on his Annuity of £.2,000, granted by Act 38 Geo. III. -

Adam Viscount Duncan - D° - - D° -

Horatio Baron Nelson - - D* - - D* -

Sir James Marriott - - - D3 - - D° -

Sir William Henry Ashurst, late one of the Judges

in the Court of King's Bench, on Du of £.2,000 per Annum ——

Sir Richard Perryn, late one of the Barons in the Court of Exchequer, on D° ——

Sir John Skynner, Knt. late Chief Baron of the said Court, on D° £. 500 per Annum -

James Morrison, Elq. Receiver of Fees and Emoluments in the Office of Mailer of the Mint in the Tower of London, by Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 94. -

The Judges of England, in Augmentation of their Salaries, by Ad 39 Geo. 111. Cap. no.

CONDITIONAL CHARGE, for which no additional Provision was made:

Annuities on£. 3,833,333. 6. 8. at £.3 per Cent, created by Act 35 Geo. III. by reason of £.4,600,000 advanced to the Emperor of Germany; his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Created 7 Provision for Payment of the said A° 1795. \ Annuities, they are by the said Act payable out of the Consolidated Fund; with Charges of Management -

Created

A® 17 97

- D° - for 25 Years, created by the said Act; withD° - -

rAnnuities on £. 3,669,300, at £. 3 per Cent, created by Act 37 Geo. III. by reason of £. 1,620,000 advanced to the Emperor of Germany; his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act payable out of the Consolidated Fund; with Charges of Management

- D° - at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sum, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

TOTAL of the Actual Payment Out*) of, and Future Charge upon, the ( CONSOLIDATED FUND, for the Year (£ ended 5th January 1801 - - - - _ \

116,725 — —

232,587 10 —

>11,648 l8 IOj

36,693 ——

22,595,620 18 7

> Uncertain.

*>»958»»14 >7 7

Exchequer, j

the 26th Day of March 1801. J

James.

No. 2. — An ACCOUNT of the NET P R O D U C E af all the P E R M A N E NT TAXES of GREAT BRITAIN, exilting before the Year 1703; and also of the T A X E S imposed in each subsequent Year; taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon 5th January 1800 and 5th January 1801.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducting £. 116,676. % d. by Act 37

Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A0 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Expor-' tation of Sugar ——

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES....

(By Act 34 Geo. 111. Cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper, A® 1794, in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 75,000 per Annum ——

By D°.....Cap. 33. out of - - D® - - on Spirit

Licences, A0 1794, in Lieu of D°, at £. 36,000 per Annum -

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES....

Compositions for Stamps per Bank ——

'By Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A° 1793.

in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 128,600 per Annum -By Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of - - DJ - - on Hats, A0 1796, in Lieu of

Referred - ->nD*' at£-9*479- per Annum - - - - . *

v By D°- ----- - Cap. 52. out of - - D° - - on Legacies,

A° 1796, in Lieu of D®, at £. 41,079 per Annum -By Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 19. out of - - D° - - on Deeds, A0 1797, iu

Lieu of D®, at £. 156,605 per Annum ——

c

INCIDENTS:

Referred by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 1793. at £. 410,556 per Annum -Referred out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 374,220 per Annum, by Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 65. ——

f Houses and Windows, A0 1798, at £.327,900 per Annum - -

D# - - on Account of Commutation Duty, at £ 515,coo per Annum -Inhabited Houses, A° 1798> at £.148,600 per Annum Male Servants - - 17^8, at £. 93,000 per Annum -Riding Horses - - 1798, at £.106.000 per Annum -Pour and Two-wheeled Carriages, A® 1798, at £.200,000 per Annum ——

Referred — from Duties Consolidated by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. in Lieu of Duties then repealed, out of

Seizures Profers -

1800.

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty -

6 d. per £. on Pensions -

1/. - D® - on Salaries -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 and 1784

First Fruits of the Clergy -

Tenths of - D® -

Rent of a Light House -

Lottery Licences -

Rent of Alum Mines -

{Carts and Waggons -Male Servants -Female - D» -

Salt, A® 1787 -

DUTIES pro Anno 1793:

British Spirits, 1791

Game Duty ——

Surplus of Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -Reserved out of Duties Consolidated by Acts 1798, Cap. 40 & 41. in Lieu of £. 10 per Cent. 1791, then repealed, at £. 90,790 per Annum ——

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

Sugars, A® 1791 Foreign Spirits British - D® - 1794 Foreign D® -Glass -

Bricks and Tiles (Culloms) ——

D®.....(Excise)....

Slates and Stones ——

Attornies Articles ——

Paper (Customs) ——

D® - (Excise) after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

British Spirits

DUTIES pro Anno 1795

Foreign - D®

Wines Sweets -Cocoa Stamps

Ship Policies -Hair Powder Certificates Receipts -

Fruits -

£ d.

3,291,169 5 6* 6,894,002 10 —

75.000 -

J 4,750 ——

1,075,118 14 6

12.000 ——

*28,600 — — 9,603 8 9

41,079 ——

156,605 — —

11,697,927 i8 9

Coals ——

Tea ----- --....

Spirit Licences ——

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, the computed Annual Increase of Revenue by reason of the Restriction in Franking, by Act 35 Geo. III. ——

l8oi.

£ ' d.

2,689,124 II --- i

5,809,289 ——

75.000 ——

4,750 ——

1,065,879 ——

12.000 — —

128,600 - — —

9,479 " —

41,079 ——

156,605 — —

410,556 —

406,220 --

327,900 ——

552,117 7

148,600 — — 93,000 — —

106.000 — —

200.000 ----- *

36,38319 ii

609 12 3

471 j 6 8

1,819 2 —

45,720 ——

45,120 IO 2f

5,897 ——

23,700 — — 3,814 8 6

9,902 4 6£

6 13 4

970 I IO 96O — —

24*9.77° *5 9l

108,916 ——

27*673 4 —

87,891 10 1

89,605 12 6f

314.086 6 7[

9,991,806 2 — \

410,556 ——

374,220 ——

327,900 ——

515.000 — — 148,600 — —

93.000 -

106.000 — —

195,164 4 lof

55*1 15 3 *

618 8

3 13 802 1

49>a,4

4J*345 !5

6,045 *6

24.000 — — 2,690 9 — J

9-89 4 ----- -1

0 13 4

1,118 15 9

96O ---- —

1 12 -

3 3 — 14 18 7f 4,078 19 3

11

3

6 io£

2b

3

2,366,352 — 11

85*5*7 ——

2-,950 ——

98,994 ——

86,799 7 6

294,260 7

60,870 9 if

161,027 ——

110,041 — —

*56*915 *7 5

4 5*23 -

883

43,270 ——

11,777 9 I. 21,979 18 — 3277 3 5 75*43 ——

689,433 6 if

assss..... sate sag

106,603 ----- -j

156,717 6 61

5S7.*7« ——

7,751 ——

22,187 ——

39,471 10 6 148,693 2 6

131,881 13 8

8,537 7 8 105,796 18 7I 11,326 a 5 259,538 10 — *5,75° ——

40,000 — — 1,611,424 11 n|

136 1

167,802 — 84.73S " *?3>458 " 47*428 " — I-

55,6s2 "

14,589 W

21,787 "

781;

88,927 -

655,297 3 9i

87,267 ——

*73.* 3 -

496,428 ——

7.369 ——

30,136 — —

36,623 ——

130,521 ----- -'

95*695 ——

9,690 ——

97,464 17 11,569 14 a 228.665 — — 8,250 — —

40,000 — —

1,452,691 11 3I

Appendix, (No. 23.) 26 tb M.

continued.

Vol. 56.

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 26th March,

connnutd.

The NET PRODUCE of the PERMANENT TAXES of Great Britain. —

DUTIES pro Anno 1796:

Tobacco, ice.

Horse Dealers Licences Wine (Excise)

D° (Customs)

Sweets

Surplus of Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -D° - - - Hats - - - D° - - - D®

Reserved by Acts ;8 r^on ^atC<* ^ut'c* on Horses for Riding, ice. at £.106,000 per

_ _t Annum - — ® ——

,000 per Annum per Annnna

of £.10 perCent. 1796, at

£. 80,190 per Annum

Computed Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Waste on Salt - - - "

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Saving, on Account of the Reduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar - - *.--

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

Pepper ——

Wrought Plate ——

British Spirits ——

Foreign D° ——

Auctions ——

Surplus of Deeds, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

Cocoa ——

Clocks, &c. Arrears ——

Stage Coaches ——

Sugar, ice. ——

Bricks ——

Tea -....

Spirit Licences (Cap. 17) -

D° - - (Cap. 102) -

£. 20 per Cent, on A fie fled Taxes ——

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Riding, &c. after reserving the Sums as directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41 ——

D® - D° - - Husbandry - - D° - - D° - - D°

D° - on Male Servants, 1798 - - D° - - D° - - D°

D* - on Houses and Windows, 1798 D° - - D® - - D® Cap. 40 -

D® - on Inhabited Houses, 1798 D° - - D° - - D°

D° - on Four and Two Wheel Carriages, 1798 D° - - D# Cap. 41 -

D® - Letter Money, after D° by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18 -

D* - £.10 perCent. Anno 1793 ——

C

DUTIES pro Anno 1798:

Armorial Bearings ——

Tea.....-

Spirit Licences ——

Surplus of Duties on Salt, after reserving the Sums as directed by Acts 38 Gej. III. Cap. 89 -

DUTIES pro Anno 1799: Coffee and Sugar ——

Duty on Small Notes ——

Canal and Dock Duty ——

Compositions for Stamps per Bank -

1 800.

British Spirits Foreign D® -Tea

DUTIES pro Anno 1800:

TOTALS.

TOTAL of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, STAMPS, and INCIDENTS, prior to the Year 1793 -

Add proportionate Part of Duties on Sugar, now Annually granted - -

Additional Duty on Malt - D°

Duty on Tobacco - - - D*

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A° 1793....

D® - - - -.....179+.....»

Add proportionate Part of Duties on Sugar, now Annually granted -

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A® 1795....

D*.....1796....

D®.....- - }797 ....

Add proportionate Part of Duties on Sugar, now Annually granted -

TOY AL of DUTIES pro A- 1798....

D‘.....1799....

D®..... 1809 ——

/ < 186,183 ——

*>559 3 3

2,500 ——

j26,l03 4 if

8,014 ——

77.>6s 1 3

33,162 14 3

106,000 -

95,003 — — 68,929 17 3

81,151 2 7 i

32,000 ——

116,676 5 8

1801,

1.334 4+4 8 4

161,893 8 io|

19 3 6 107,535 — — 157,964 16 — i

50,844 ——

530,85s n 8

5,999 ——

14966 2 si

69,739 — 9 184 766 4 io£

23.033 ——

3*0,255 3 4

59,000 — 7,750 — 52,126 5 4i

79,922 11 si >7494° 4 3i 47>$77 1 "i

304.497 19 7i 18,980 15 — i

265i444 ——

£ /.

198,027 ——

1,467 ——

1,250 ——

483,200 — 3

7,620 ——

99,591 ——

26,843 9 —

106,000 — —

95.000 ——

67*556 14 7i

80,190 — - —

32.000 ——

116,676 5 8

1,315,421 9 6 i

13^353

9

86,326

172,839

69,917

573.748

7-375

5.958

53027

114.299

29.925

289,869 35750 500 14,362

7 5

— 8

6 8

'3 9*

19 -

5 5i

58.517 168,721 41,689 468,438

39498 14,138

2&5>444

1 2

2 2 11 io£

10 6

3 7i 8 5 13 —

2,628,109 9 3r 2,642,708 4

29,732 — 8 151,889 16 8 '2 4-7 5° - -426.204 10 o\ 25,021 — 143,905 — 87,500 — 473.78i 19 3$

732,576 7 10I 730,207 19 3f

243,05615 9 7,612 12 — 138,00512 — 21,538 — 14*9*8 17 7{ 12.000

260,491 5 9 186,46a 9

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 52,227 120,555 13 4 111,270

— 284,052 13 4

14,117,698 14 71 1,141,317 U 2j 222 145 261,948 2,358,158 2 ni 1,236,455 i 1 155,986 — 443,940 —

15*743»109 7 IO 314,086 6 689433 6 I \ 246,771 7 n 1,611,424 11 1,334,444 8 41 2628,109 9 si 231.348 3 6 732.576 7 io£ 260,1*91 . 5 9 14,194,539 4 — i 294260 7 6 655.297 3 9| 267,341 12 8* 1,452,691 11 3i 1,315,421 9 61 2,642,708 4 7x 250,632 15 7 { 730,207 19 3? 186,462 9 7 i 284,052 13 4

*3-79'-794 '5 — i 22,273,615 11 4i

In order to (Lew the real Amount of the Taxes imposed before and since the War — The Produce of the Duties on Sugar, Tobacco, and Malt, now Annually voted, are added to Old Duties, and to the New ones of which they were respectively a Part, while they were Perpetual.

Exchequer, 1

the 16th Day of March 1801. 3 James FiJJtCr.

Dr.

A STATE of the ACCOUNT of the BRITISH MUSEUM, 1800,.C'

Board Wages -Book-binding *

Coals....

Garden Expences -

Incidents ——

Rent and Taxes -

Repairs ——

Stationary -Salaries and Wages -

in Hands of Mr. Abfam Newland £. 61 - - - - of Mr. Joseph Planta - 79

ESTIMATE of ACCOUNTS, for 1801.

Expenditure of 1800 -

Repairs of 1800, Unpaid -

c

£. /. d. £ ' a

149 10 — By Calli in Hands of Mr. ^Newland £.358 6 1 7

45 >6 — 499 *4 to

I69 — Bank Annuities - 900 — —

70 The King's Librarian's Salary - *49 —

206 10 9 In full of the Parliament's Grant of 1798 1,251 I9 —

534 >2 6 Part - -- -- - 01 1800 820 19 IO

I>4*4 *9 —

VM 00 1

95* 9 8 *

3,580 18 11

140 16 9

3,721 15 8 £ 3,721 15 8

3,580 18 11 Cash remaining of 1800 - 140 i6 9

1,474 12 — Exchequer Bills ----- - 2,000 — —

The King's Librarian's Salary - 249 2 —

Bank Annuities ----- - 900 — —

£ 3,28918 9

Deficiency - 1,76512 2

5,055 10 11 £- 5,0551011

Appendix, (No. 24.) 16th March.

4th March 1801.

Richard Miles,

Accountant.

An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the BOARD of AGRICULTURE, for the Year 1800.

CHARGE:

To Caffi received per the King's Warrant, in consequence of a Vote from the House of Commons -

DISCHARGE:

By Fees on Receipt of the Grant ——

By Surveys of Counties ——

By Four Quarters Salaries to the Officers, at the Rate of - To the Secretary - jr. 400 per Annum

the Under Secretary 200. the Chief Clerk - 190.

the Second D® - 80.

By Office Incidents ——

By official Furniture..... ----- -....

By Rent, Taxes, &c. &c.....-....

By Printing -

By Stationary

By Advertisements -

By Drawings and Engravings -

By Agricultural Implements and Seeds -

By the Purchase of Ryeland Rams

By Miscellaneous Articles j..... . ....

Carrington,

President,

VOL. 56. 9T

£ ' d.

3,000 — —

Appendix,

(No. 25.)

27 th March.

84 16 — *94 >4 5

870 — —

40 -

55 4*9 4 5

808 — 1

54 >9 6

20 — 6

173 — 2

1843

32 IO —

118 18 6

3,000 — —

8o 6

Appendix

yl. 1801.

Appendix, ^\o. 26.) lyt/'t M.

An ACCOUNT of the Sams requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the several PUBLIC BOARDS ia IREL

A N D.

To defray the Charge of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, for the Encouragement of said Manufactures ——

To defray the Charge of the Board of FirA Fruits for Building New Churches and Rc-building Old Churches ——

To defray the Charge of The Dublin Society for promoting Hufbmdry and other U/eful Arts -

To defray the Charge of the Corporation for Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting the City of Dublin

To defray the Charge of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin....

Total

James Crofton.

English. Irish.

S h £ d.

19*938 9 3 21,600

4-6*5 7 8 5,000

5,076 iS 6 5,500

9,230 15 5 10,000 — —

4-»53 *6 11 4,500 — —

43»OI5 7 9 46,600

An ACCOUNT of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of several Permanent PUBLIC SERVICES in IRELAND

English.

To the French Conformifl Minister of the United Congregation of St. Patrick's, Dublin -

To the French Minister at Cork ——

To the French Miniller at Lifburn ——

To the French Minister at Dundalk ——

To the French Minister at Innifhannon ——

To the French Minister at Waterford ——

To the French Minister at Portarlington - -- --....

To the Minister of the Congregation of German Protestants in Dublin.

To the Ordinary or Chaplain to the New Prison in Dublin, for visiting the Sick Prisoners in the several Prisons in Dublin -

T o the Rector of the Parish of St. Paul in Dublin, for attending the Sick in the Barracks of Dublin

To the Chaplain attending the Prisoners in the Four Courts Marshalsea in Dublin -

To the Chaplain of the Garrison of Charlemont ——

To the Under Library Keeper of Marsh's Library at St. Patrick's, Dublin - -

To the Vicar of Cafllenock, in Lieu of Tythe and Glebe Land in the Phoenix Park, Dublin

To the Minister of St. James's Parish, Dublin, for like Purpose.

To the Vicar of St. Andrew's Parish in Dublin, in Lieu of Minister's Money for Houses and Grounds where the Parliament House Hands ——

To the Rc&orof St. Michan's Parish, Dubiin, for Minifler's Money for Houses where the Courts of Justice are built ——

To the Archbishop of Dublin for Proxies out of divers Churches belonging to the late Monaderics of Sr. Thomas, St. Mary, and St. John of Jerusalem, in the See of Dublin -

To the Bishop of Meath, out of the Manor of Trim ——

To the Dean and Chapter and Vicars Choral of Christ Church, Dublin -

To the Physician attending the Sick in the New Prison, Dublin ——

To the Local Commissioners of the Lagan Navigation, in Lieu of a Duty on Beer and Ale formerly granted to them in certain Parts of the District of Lifburn -

To be applied to pay Major General Valiancy, after the Rate of 15/. per Day, during the Time he shall be employed in the Military Survey of Ireland ——

To the Clerk, Usher, and Assistants in the Council Office in Dublin, to make good their Loss of Emolument ——

To the Lord Mayor and Citizens of Dublin ——

To the Provost and Fellows of Trinity College, Dublin ——

To the said Provost and Fellows, for the Profefl'or of the French and German Languages in said College ——

To the said Provost and Feltows, for the Professor of the Spanish and Italian Languages in said

College ——

To the Royal Irish Academy, for Rent of an House ——

To the Attendant on the Nautical Observatory ——

For Rent of Grounds near Carrickfergus Castle ——

To b; applied in paying the necessary Allowances to certain Officers from Ireland attending during the Session of Parliament in London, and to such other Officers as may be employed in the Proceedings in Parliament relating to ireiand ——

James Crofton. £

Irish.

£- '3* /. 9 1 d. 3 £ i5o s. d.

92 6 2 IOO — —

55 7 81 60 — —

55 7 8i 60 —

55 7 85: 60 — _

46 3 1 5° — — .

46 .3 1 5° —

46 3 1 5° — 1

18 9 3 20 -

73 5 79 7 31

48 16 10 5* iS

39 1 6 42 6 7

27 l3 ioi 3°

46 16 11 5° *5 —

11 1 6 12 — —

37 *7 6 4i — 7 i

9 10 3 10 6 2

16 17 4 18 5 6

3 9 2 3 lS —

43 l3 10 47 6 8

184 12 3f 200 — —

768 — — 832 — —

260 10 282 4 3i

333 7 10I 361 3

VI V>4 00 9 3 800 — —

u VI 00 16 11 388 *5 —

92 6 2 100 — —

92 6 2 IOO — —

107 >3 6 II6 l3 —

48 16 10 52 18

>4 18 7\ 16 3 6

2,000 — - 2,166 >3 4

5-9*1 *8 8t

6,404 11 11 j

41 Geo. III.

Appendix.

807

An ACCOUNT of the Sums requisite to defray the Annual Charge of the several PUBLIC HOSPITALS and

SCHOOLS in IRELAND.

To defray the Charge of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting Engliffi Protestant

Schools in Ireland ——

To defray the Charge of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin ——

To defray the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors Children in Ireland -

To defray the Charge of supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin -

To defray the Charge of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children in Ireland -

To defray the Charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland -

To defray the Charge of supporting the House of Industry for Relief of the Poor -

To defray the Charge of the Society for discouncenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge

and Practice of the Christian Religion ——

To defray the Charge of the Female Orphan House, near Dublin, for Maintaining, Cloathing, Educating, and Apprenticing deserted Female Children ——

Total

English. Irift.

£ ' d-' £ ' d.

18,213 4 7 19-73*

13,846 3 1 15,000 — —

1,846 3 t 2,000 — —

6,183 13 10 6,699

3,655 7 9. 3,960 — —

7»3»4 12 4 8,000 — —

15»594 9 3 16,894

276*18 6 300 — —

461 IO 9 5OO

67,462 3 1 73,084 .

James Crofton.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums nece/Taty for the Remuneration of several PUBLIC OFFICERS in IRELAND,

for their extraordinary Trouble, in the Year 1801.

Englift. I rift.

To Stephen Moore, Esq. Accountant General, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing and stating the Public Accounts of Ireland, laid before this House this Session of £ ' d. £. s.

Parliament - -- -- -To John Smart, Deputy Accountant General for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the 313 16 n U) 0 1 1

Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for the Year to Lady Day 1800 -To Sir John Tydd, Baronet, in Consideration of his Attendance, Care, and Expence, in the 221 IO 9 24O

Office of Paymaster of Corn Bounties in Ireland - -- -- -To Paul le Bas, E.xaminator of Corn Bounties, for his Trouble in keeping the Accounts of the 738 9 3 80O

fa id Office ----- ----- ----- To Robert Marshall Esquire, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, for 184 12 4 200 — —

One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1800 - - - -To Rogers Wetherall, First Clerk in the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports 184'12 4 200 — — <

ia Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble in making up the said Accounts -To John Swan, Examinator of Excise in Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in 129 4 7 I40 —

preparing the Accounts in the Office of Excise - -- -- - 129 4 7 I40 — - —

£- 1,901 10 9 2,060 —

James C.

VOL. 56.

C xHrtrrl

8o8

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix,

(No. 27.)

30th March.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Gross and Net Produce of the Port and Inland Revenues of Ireland, for the Year

ended the 25th March 1800; exclusive of the Duties on Malt, Home-made Spirits, and on Spirits Imported.

Gross Revenue received. Payments. Net Produce.

£ ' £ ' d. £ '

*>583-597 4 6} 653.957 3 6 1,929,640 i — i

Taken from the Accountant General's Papers, N°» 1 and 2.

Rogers Wether all

AffilP Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

London, 30th March 1801.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into Ireland, In the Year ended 25th March 1800; with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Raw Sugar. Gross Produce Amount of Duty Net Produce of drawnback on of

Cwt qrs. Ib. Revenue. Export. Revenue.

£. £. £ *

24U77 I 21 234,609 19 — f 12,422 — 7$ 222,187 18 4J Rogers Wether all,

Aflifl* Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

London, 30th March 1801.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Refined Sugar imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800; with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Refined Sugar. Cross Produce of Amount of Duty drawnback. Net Produce of Revenue.

Cwt. qrs. lbs. Revenue.

£. /. 4. £. 4. £ A 4.

00 1 25,000 7 1 2,390 12 11 22,609 14 2

Rogers Wetherall,

A (Tift1 Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

London, 30th March 1801.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Tons of Coals imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25 th March 18005 with the

Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Tons of Coal.

Gross Produce of

Revenue.

3 7*95 S

C ' *

*4»5°3 4 — i

Amount of Duty drawnback.

Net Produce.

£ s. j. s. </

309 14 8 *4,193 9 4 i

Rogers IV

Aflifl' Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

London, 30th March 1801.

809

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Pounds of Tea Imported into Ireland, in the Year ended the 25th March 1800; - / x

with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon. (No. 27.7

Black Pounds. Green Pounds. Gross Produce of Revenue. Amount of Duty dtawnback. 30tk March* Net Produce Of . Revenue. ~

*.734.037 139,680 £ 110,679 2 11 £ ' d. 23 311 £ ' d. 110,656 45 —

Rogers Wether all,

Affid1 Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

London, 30th March 1801.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Pounds of Pepper Imported into Ireland, in the Year ended the 25th March 1800;

with the Gross and Net Produce of Revenue thereon.

Number of Pounds imported. Gross Produce of Revenue. Amount of Duty drawnback. i Ket Revenue.

i *87.875 £ d. 6,653 15 3 £ ' d. 1 17 4 £. ,. d. 6,651 I7 11 Roger s Wether all.

AfTifP Inspeflor General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

London, 30th March 1801.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Spirits Distilled in Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1800; with the Gross Produce of Revenue thereon.

Number of Gallons Piftilled.

3,621,498

Gross Produce of Revenue.

£. s. d. 452,687 Extracted from the Accountant General's Paper N° 2. — By

R. Wether all.

London, 30th March 1801.

An ACCOUNT of an Additional Sum necesiary for The Dublin Society, in the Year 1801.

English. Irish.

Towards completing Additional Buildings at their Repository in Hawkins Street, and Botanic £ *. £ ' d.

Garden at Glafinevin 4,153 16 11 4> 500

Appendix.

(No. 28.)

21st M

James C

An ACCOUNT of a Sum necessary for promoting the Purposes of the FarmikC Societies in Ireland, for the\ear 1801

English. Irish.

To be applied under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors £ d. £.t. d.

of Ireland, for the Time being, in promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies of Ireland - 1,846 3 1 2,000 — —

James Crofton.

Vol. 56.

9 U

?IO

Appendix.

A. 1801.

An ACCOUNT of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, as the same flood on the ill Day of February 1801; DistinguifluDg by what

it is Invelled; the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest thereof; the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms; the Charges of Management; the Annual Charge upoi Distinguilhingalfo upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the PuBLic Debt are Redeemable or Determinable.

By what ACTS Created.

5 - 5 & 6 Will. & Mar Ann -

- D° -

- Do.

- Do -

- Do _

6 Will. Sc Mar. -Deo. II.

- Do -

- Do -Deo. III.

- D® -. D° -

- Do.

SUMS Railed, or

BILLS Funded*

£. 3 per Cent per Annum.

£, 3 per Cent, per Annum.

£. 3 per Cent per Annum.

£ * i.

£. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities.

i. d.

£. 3 per Cent* Reduced Annuities.

d.

£. 4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities.

£ * '

£. 5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities.

£.3 Cent. Annuities, A® 1726.

£. 1. d.

It'll i "

£ t

BANK OF ENGLAND:

? Geo. k 13 Geo

I. - - 2,17, *9»? I eo.II. - -I

SOUTH SEACOMPANY:

Geo. 1.

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY 1 Geo. II. - - -I - ‘ -

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK. OF ENGLAND:

Geo. I. - -

sundry Acts prior to?

13 G^o. III. -J

Geo. III.

idry Acts prior to 33?

Deo. HI. - -J

Geo. 111.

Geo. 111. A* 1793 _

Geo. III. Ao 1794 - -

Geo. III. A« 1795 - -

Geo. HI. A® 1796 - *

Geo. III. A® 1797 - -

Geo. III. A® 1798 - -

Geo. III. A° 1799 - -

Geo. III. A® 1800 -

Geo. III. A® 1798

Geo. III. A® 1799 .

Geo. Ill* A0 1800 - -

n,686,8co

24,065,084 13 nil -

1)000^1

910 12 9

34>563>°57 i 5

32,750,000 — —

17,869,993 9 xo

11,686,800

24,065,084 13 1,91 9,60c

£. 4,500,000, Rai fed -

!£ 11,000,000 Rai fed -

Nary Bills Funded -5 £ 18,000,000 Rai fed I Navy Bills Funded - -

K £. 18,000,000 and £. 7,500,000 Rai fed - -I Navy Bills Funded -

!£. 18,000,000 Raised -£. 13,000,000, Part of £. 14,500,000 Raised Navy Bills Funded -Exchequer Bills Funded -J £ 7»oooo,oooo, Proportion of £. 9,000,00p, ? I Part of £. 17,000,000 Raised - -J f 3»oooo,coo Raised } and £. 1,5^0,000 ~ J Proportion of £. 4,500,000, Part of L £* 15*500,000 Railed -J £. 5,000,000, Proportion of £. 7,000,000, I Part of £. 20,500,000 Railed - -j

n,686,8co

24,065,084 13 11 ‘

8,coo,coo, Part of £ I7,coo,cco Raised 11,000,000, Part of £. 15,500,000 Raised \ 13,500,coo, Part of £. 20,500,000 Raised

1,919,600

11,686,800

24,065,084 13 n| 1,919,60c

Geo. III. A° 1797 -Geo. Hi. A® 1798 -Geo. III. A0 1799 -Geo. HI. A° 1800 -

1,50c,

2,000,

,coo, Part of £. 14,500,000 Raised

2.000. 000, Proportion of £ 9,000,000 Raifeu

3.000. 000, Proportion of £. 4,500,000 Rai fee

2.000, coo, Proportion of £. 7,000,000 Raifec

n,686,8co

24,065,084 13 11J

1,319,60°

98,292,910 12 9*

34>563>°57 i 5

32,750,000 ——

17,869,993 9 10

1,000,000

6,250,000 — —

11,000,000 — —

18,oooo,cco ' 30,530,000

2,750,000 ——

6,000,000 — —

16,250,000 ——

16,43s>i75 5 " I>9V9»^99 4 4

6,359»^25 ——

6,500,0c o — —

1,926,525 12 5 1,609,897 17 1 4,414,074 4 6

2,600,000 — 765,427 11 6

104,432 5 8

2,034,889 11 1

270,202 4 8

10.500.000 — —

4.875.000 -

5.500.000 — —

3.500.000 — —

3»374»25° ——

2.350.000 — —

U9-635»785 2 1

56,646,932 1 5

44,969,859 17 2

12,000,000 — —

13.750.000 ——

14.850.000 — —

4,000,000 —

5,500,coo — — 6,345,000 — —

260,235,785 2

1.875.000 ——

3,ccc,cco — — 3,750,' CO — ---

2.200.0 CO - -

271,060,785 2 I4

72,491,932 i 5

750.coo — —

1,000,000 ——

1,500,000 ——

940,000 — —

44,969,859 17 2

300,000 — —

76,681,932 I 5 j 45,269,859 17 2

28,125,582 19 7

1,000,02

28,125,582 19 7

I, W0,5» I

28,125,582 19 7

1,000*

AVr — The Capital Stock of £, 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created prior to the Year 1773, was originally £ 107,399,696. 5. ij. but is reduced as above, by reason of £. 9,106,785. 12. 4. transferred to the Com mifii oners for the Reduction of the National Dcot, on Account of Land Tax Redeemed before ift February 1801} and the Capital of £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities was £. 41,540,073. >6. 4. but is now reduced as above by £ 6,977,016. 14 II. transferred as aforesaid: On which Capitals so transferred the Interest and Management cca.es to be pa'd.

TOTAL PRINCIPAL DEBT, as it flood on ift February 1801 -

— By the undermentioned Acts of Parliament, for advancing certain LOANS to his MAJESTY the EMPEROR of GERMANY, it it guaranteed, that in Default of Payment of Interest, fkc. by him, it shall be made a Charge upon the Consolidated Fuad.

SUM CAPITALS at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum* Annual Annuity for a Charges of Annuity at £. I per Cent. Annual

Advanced. Interest. Term of Years Management. pef Annum. Expence.

£ 3'| 4,600,000 £ * J- 3.833.333 6 8 £ 115,000 £ 230,000 £ > * 4,31» 10 — C No £. 1 per Cent, provided 7 1 for redeeming these Capitals 3 £. 1. d. 349,3ix 10 -

§ 4 -J 1 0 3,699,300 — — 110,079 - 1,651 3 8 £ 36,693 148,423 3 8 " -

£ 7,50*,633 6 8 225,079 230,000 5,963 13 8 36,693 497.735 J3 *

Thex- 3 per Cent. Annuities are Redeemable at Par; and the Annuities explrt A« IS» Redeemable with the £. 1 per Cent, applicable thereto, or at Par.

Exchequer, j

the 16th Day of April iSoi- J

Parliament the same is Created, and in respect of what Su m s Raised, or Bills Funded; so far as the same can be ascertained: — Distinguishing, also, th the Consolidated Fund by an Act passed in the.26th Year of His present Maj esty; and the Annuity of£. 1 per Centum per Annum upon Capitals Created f.

A*>-'

Annuities, at £. 5 per Cent. A® 1797.

1. d.

Annual Interest upon Unredeemed Debt.

ANNUITIES on Lives, or for Terms of Years.

20,114,843 15 —

350,604 — —

570,281 10 9 40,038 — —

30,000 — — 5,270,342 16 10

1, d.

30,400 — — 23,254 ix 6 7,776 10 — 4,710 xo — 10,181 — — 8,195 11 —

9»105 5 — 15,599 10 — 17,086 12 6

540 ——

2,538 ——

4*5 3 — 18,442 7 — J

Charges of Management upon Unredeemed Debt.

1,430 6 8

1,470 ——

37# 11 2 208 1 7

416 5 3

ANNUAL CHARGE

upon Consolidated Fund.

f P urfuant to Act 26 Geo. III. for Redemption of Debt then existing.

/. u d. 54,880 14 6

880 ——

s,898, 3 5

14,022 3 2

75° *4 3

3,213 ——

6, S67 ——

7,480 12 6

231 i3 — 689 15 7

By Atf s providing £. X perCent. for Redemption of Debt created since 5th January 1793*

151,671 — —

17»55° ——

450 ——

68,857 14 11

704,740 5 —

4*>333 — »

20,114,843 15 —

20,124,843 15 —

20,124,843 15 —

1,000,000 — —

28,125,582 19 7

45,269,859 17 2

76,681,932 x 5 271,060,785 2 1; 1,919,600 — — 24,065,084 13 11 11,686,800 — —

479 >9 34»488 9 2}

6,261,266 7 7

159,199 8 10 471*475 11 — 772,102 II 3

1,210,408 6 -jI

1,006,242 3 9

1,349,101 >3 icj 403,319 15 si 241,000 19 — 133,638 ix 21

12,107,756 8 11/,

480,000 — —

577.500 ——

635,850 ——

i»693»35° ——

1,275,388 6 1 ii

62,791 13 4

85,500 ——

79,082 7 6

38,625 — — 17,208 6 8

i»558>595 i4 5*

19,666 13 4

19,666 13 4

7,928 6

4,706 4 ic*

918,835 17 2 25,000 ——

1,000,000 — —

107,393 *3 — t

2,387 19 10 6,788 1 8

xx,160 8 11 17,721 11 51

9*056 3 7

19,459 1 z\

6,243 7 XI

3,615 — Z{

3,504 11 7

187,329 19 si

7*42! 5

8,662 10 9*537 15 '

85,186 16 7I H5»234 5 9* 154,309 2 2

93*4-5 8 —

448,185 12 7I

4,87 5 — — 4,916 13 4

9*79* 13 4

25,621 10

1,287 12 11 1,7S 3 16 6 2,314 12 9*; 1,401 16 7

6,787 18 10

2,186,419 12 9

total

of

A N N U A*L EXPENCE.

12

5

12

5

10

5

C O N D I T I'

DE".

2,186,419 12 9

90,800 11 2

231,295 19 7

357,326 6 1

541,406 2 5

201,248 8 9

615,518 6 io£ 158,920 4 2J 88,969 1 —

80,361 8 si

2,365,846 8 10$

8*

35,425 11 45»4C 5 14 2 55,690 17 s 32,144 12 —

168,666 15 8{

TOTAL CHARGE for PERMANENT DEBTS of GREAT BRITAIN

. D°.....NON PERMANENT D° - - - -....

. d°.....PERMANENT DEBTS of IRELAND - -

TOTAL CHARGE for PUBLIC DEBT as it flood on ill February 1801

54,880 14 3!»830 6

24J24 11

8,152 2

4,918

IO»597 8>I95 12,318 22,466

24,567

550 2,769 13 — 5,i74 18 7 19,322 7 — i

356,502 3 5

735,974 13 11

58,338 14 3

30,450 ——

6,258,036 8 if

25,000 — —

712,668 .11 6£

423,039 5 9}

1,000,000 — —

Expired Anno 1792. Expire - A0 1805.

D° ..... 1806. D° - - - - 1807.

Life Annuities.

9.830,468 — 3$ 252,387 19 10 772,351 5 7 1,126,089 6 3

1,848,618 8 — 1,216,546 16 1

2,022,705 1 nj

585,691 14 7

333,585 — 3i 317,504 n 7

Redeemable at Par.

S The JT. 3.-/. 4. - and £. 5. per <

I but by Act 26 XJeo. Ill. the y Annuities for 10 Years expired A°

Expire A0 1860.

D° - - 1808.

TOTAL Charge for Debt crei

These Annuities, whether Perpetu Cents, severally provided for £. 5. per Cents, are Redeem, expire A0 1860.

— Redeemable with £. 1 per Cent. Years after the £. 5 per Cent Two Years from the End of tl of Peace thereupon (at any have their Amuitiej, with a! into £. 3 per Cent. Consolid £. loc contributed.

These Annuities, whether Perpet Cents, tcverally provided for per Cent, are redeemable at I A° 1860.

18,405,948 4 6 TOTAL Charge for Pea make n

507,087 18 4 586,162 10 —

645*387 15 —

> These Annuities are not confidr charged upon Monies ariiinj

1 U.'OnlNCOME.

1,738,638 3 4 TOTAL Charge for Non Pib MAJ

126,775 1 3

167,340 9 10 212,314 12 si 127,001 16

These Annuities have been Creal I provided for by that Govern \ Redeemable by tlvc £. 1 per f Funded in £. 3 and £.4,) Annuities for Terms of Y«

*33,43* — 6 TOTAL Charge for Dt»r» creaf

18,405,948 4 6 1,738.63s 3 4 633*43* — 6

10,778,018 8 4

James Fisher.

!),;£!'

THESE are to Certify, That the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt hare purchased £. 52,28 1,656. of the above Capitals, between ift August 1786 and ift February 1801.

Office for Redu the 16th

A

si.

peiviiv,

? -9-)

p Sprit' niinud.

An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the REDEMPTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, to f»nd specifv ing, as to the Debt prior to 5th January 179}* how much thcicof has been Redeemed by the Commissioners for the Redu&icm of the the Reduction thereof; with the I ke Particulars as to the Debt Created since 5th January 1793 And specifying also the Amount of the Capital of Redeemed prior to the f.iiu lft February ib'oj; and what further Annuities will fall in, and become applicable to the Reduction of the National

r

FUND S. CAPITALS E1 ift ing prior to 5rh January *793* Rc Ircmed by the Old Sinking Fund bervuen ift August 1796 and 1 ft February i? 01. TOTAL SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of the PUBLIC DEET, Created lefore 5th January 1793.

£- ' d £ £ s. d. £ * J-

Confold £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -Reduced — D° - - - - 107,399.696 5 i\ 41,540.07316 4 18,468,525 1 *1,4^3*337 . 19,162,404 2 I 631 Annual I flue ----- - Usual Grant ----- - 1,000,000 — — 200,000 — —

Oia South Sea Annuities - - -1 New - - - - D° - - - j *4,065,08413 n 5-°5>»7Co 3,716,464 s 6 73 Annuities L>r 96 and 98 Years 1 expired ----- - 3 54,880 14

£.^ Per Cent. Annuities, 1731 - - 1,919,600 — — 0 c q 00 to 442,681 12 6 75 x Expired and Unclaimed Ann8 - 43 597 — 7

35.592,562 23,32!,550 — 1 Short Annuities 1777 - - -Dividend on - - - - O 25,000 — —

Ccr.fci4 £.4 perCent. Annuities -D° - £.5 perCcnt. Annuities -£. 3 per Cent. Annuities, A0 1726 -D} - Bank Annuities - - - - 31,750,000 — 17,869,993 910 l,oooo,cco — — 11,686,800 — — 507,000 431,626 17 6 «Si £.35,592,562. Annuities, > at £. 3 per Cent. - - J Dividend on ----- J £ 507.CC0 --- -1 £.4 per Cent. Annuities - J 1,067,776 17 2 20,280 — —

Old Permanent Debt - £. *38,231,248 5 2-1 36,099,562 *3>753«>76 17 7 Old Sinking Fund - ‘ 2>\l !o34 9

Transferred to the Commissioners, by realon of Land Tax Redeemed at ill February 1801 - - - 16,083,802 7 3

Debt Exiting at 1 ft February 1801 - 222,147,445 17 11

Permanent Debt of Great Britain created between 5th January 1793 and 5th January i'8oi - 186,027,042 11 3

Permanent Debts created between 5th January 1797 and 5 th January 1801, by Loans raised lor the Service of Ireland, and provided for by that Government - - - 1 i 15,315,000

Non Permanent Debts of Great Britain created between 5th January 1798 and 5th January 1801, cuargei on the Duties upon Income ----- ---- 423,489,488 9 2i 56,445.000 — — 1 Ncic. — Of the above Sum of £.423,489,488. 9s. 2 la. the Sum of £. 52,0451999. exclusive of Imperial Annuities, has already been Redeemed; and the Whole is in a Course of gradual Liquidation, and is therefore, ftri&Iy speaking, not Permanent, but to

be considered as an Annuity decreasing Annually, until the Number of Years are completed, in which the same will be reduced; which Period will vary according to the Price of the Public Funds.

Total Amount of the Public Debt as it flood on ift February / 479.93M83 9 1 c

Exchequer, J

the 16th Day of April 1801. 3

James

ift February 1801: Distioguishing th- Capitals of the several Funds Existing prior to 5th January 1793, from those Created since that Period;

Public Debt since ift July 1786, and at what Average Price of Stocks, and for what Sums of Money, and what Sums are now Annually applicable to the Debt provided for by the Government of Ireland; the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Commissioners by reason of Land Tax

Debt.

Appendix, (No. 29.) 17/& April.

continued.

FUNDS.

Consol* £.j per Cent. Annuities

Reduced - - D° - -

Confol4 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities -

D° - £, 5 per Cent. - D° - -

£ > Cent. Annuities, created 7 Anno 1757 ----- - J

New Permanent Debt -£,

Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 7

1797 .....J

Redeemed by the New Sinking Fund D° - - Old Sinking Fund -

Total Redeemed ... Transferred to Commissioners by Land Tax Redeemed -

Debt Reduced at ift February 1801 - - £

Total

I CAPITALS Created since 3th January 1793 Redeemed by the New Sinking Fund.

£ r. J. £

13*. 167,874 9 7,608,8161

26,273.875 C 9 8,337,612 3

12,519,859 17 2

‘0.255,589 9 9

20,124,843 15 — 1

201,341,04a 11 3 1 15,9^6,428

3.669,300 235,666

205,011,342 II 3 5

TOTAL

SUMS

Paid.

/. d.

Average

Price of Stocks.

57

SUMS

Annoilly applicable to the Reduction of the PUBLIC DEBT,

Created since

127,95a 7 2

9,218,927 13 8

541

5th Jan

' ‘793

<n C ‘79+

*795

O 796

Cl u u m D°

3 1797

'E. <a U D*

c 0 1798

a ‘799

0 CJ u D°

0 (X, 1800

- Imper1

5° „ ‘797.

ANNUITIES that will hereafter fall in, and become applicable to the Reduction

of the National Dert.

£ ' ' 62.5OO ——

166,445 s —

268,933 19 —

313,558 14 -

110,863 J —

417,376 13 -288,670 — — 182,880 — — 56,250 IO —

78,750 ——

109,900 ~ —

36,693 ——

Exchequer Annuities, 2, 3, and Anne, expire A0 1805 ' --

D* 5 Anne, ex- ,

piie A01806 .

D* 6 Anne, ex-' pire A# 1807

Dividend on *7 ^.16,182,0941 £ 3 Per Cent* f

Annuities -J

16,182,094

36,099,562

52,281,656

16,083,802

68,365,458

£ x* d.

53.654 II 6

7,776 10 — 14,891 IO —

2,092,8 21 6

485,462 16

Bank Long An- 1 nuities, expire > Anno 1860 -3

Rank Short Anna Annis I 1778* 1779 A expire Anno 1

1808 ----- ---- J

New Sinking Fund Old Sinking Fund

Total of Sinxinc Funds - £

2,578,284 2 4 2,411,534 n 9

4,989 818 14 1

704,740 5

418,333 — »i

Office Red. Nat1 Debt, 1 the 16th Day of April 1801. J

Vol. 56.

N»tt. — -Such Part of the Life Annuities at the Exchequer, granted Annii 1745, 1746, , 1778, and 1779. as hath been Unclaimed for Three Years, or of which the Nominees have been certified Dead, is Annually applied towards the Reduction of the Debt; and at present amounts to about £. 38,000 per Annum.

John Farbill.

9 X

814

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix,

(No. so.)

20 th April. v,____________/

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACC0UNT of the Actual and Estimated EXPENCE of collecting the TAX on INCOME, for the Years

1799 and 1800.

Poundage to the Clerks, Collectors, and Receivers, computed on £. 4,540,747, being the Amount of the Assessments by the Commissioners for General Purposes - ....

Sum paid for Incidental Expences in the Execution of the Ad under the Commissioners for General Purposes -

Sum paid for Incidental Expences, including the Allowances to Officers and Clerks under the Commercial Commissioners, and Expences of Collection and Receipt..... ——

Amount of Incidental Expences incurred under the Commissioners of Appeal, as far as the same can be made out from the Accounts hitherto received.....- -.....-

Probable Amount of further Expences under the Commissioners of Appeal from Accounts not yet received

Sums paid to Assessors....

Estimated Amount of further Sums to be paid to Assessors.....- -

Allowances to Surveyors in England....

Amount of Certificates for Allowances to Surveyors and Assessors in Scotland.....'

Printing, Stationary, and other Incidental Expences in this Office, in the Execution of the Acts, are estimated at -

Total, not amounting to 6 § d. in the Pound on the whole Sums afieflfed /

£- s. d.

99o°4 ——

5*334 -

18,756 ——

3,580 ——

I, 000 -

4,620 — —

600 — — 4,180 — — 3*96 ——

II, 850 9 3

152,620 9 3

The subsequent Year being just expired, no Accounts have been received at this Office from which any Statement of the Actual Expences of collecting the Income Tax for the Year 1800, can be made up; but, from the best Judgment we can form, there seems no reason to suppose that the Amount will exceed the Charges of Management for the Year 1799, as above Hated,

William Lowndes.

Barne Barne.

Edward Medows.

Horace Hayes.

Office for Taxes,! 14th April 1801. 3

Appendix, (No. 31.)

a 1Jl April.

E ST I M AT E of the Charge of Additional Field Officers to the several Corps of Militia, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland; from the 24th March 1801 to 24th December following,both inclusive* being 276 Days.

Charge for 27b Days

For the Pay and Agency of One additional Lieutenant Colonel, and One additional Major of the Antrim Regiment of Militia, each without a Company ——

For the Pay and Agency of the like Appointments in Twenty Regiments more; Viz.

The Armagh, North Cork, South Cork, City of Cork, Donegal!, City of Dublin, Galway, Kerry, Kilkenny, King's County, County of Limerick, Londonderry, Louth, Meath, Monaghan, Rof-common, Tipperary, Tyrone, Waterford, and Wexford Regiments -

For the Pay and Agency of One additional Major of the Carlow Battalion of Militia, without a Company ——

For the Pay and Agency of the like Appointments in Sixteen Battalions more; Viz.

The Cavan, Clare, North Downshire, South Downshire, County of Dublin, Fermanagh, Kildare, Leitrim, Cuy of Limerick, Longford, North Mayo, South Mayo, Queen's County, Sligo, Westmeath, and Wicklow Battalions ——

Which Sum of £. 12,097. 19. i. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total - - - £. \ 12,097 19 1

Wn Office, 1 2ii\ April \Soi. 3

C. York*.

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix

8*S

An ACCOUNT,

Shewing how the PUBLIC MONIES Remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1800, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th January 1801, and the Monies paid out of the Net Pr< duce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed, during the said Year, have been actually Applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service: — lft. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges of Management; the Sums applicable to its Reduction; the usual Grant for the same Purpose; and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans. — 2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills. — 3dly. The Civil List. — 4thly. The other Charges on The Consolidated Fund; specifying the Amount of those incurred lor Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties. — 5thly. The Civil Government of Scotland. — 6thly. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Desertefs Warrants. — ythly. The Navy; specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Day, Half Pay, and Pensions; for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies; for the Marines; for the Victualling; for the Sick and Wounded; for Transports; and for Prisoners of War in Health. — 8thly. The Ordnance; specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively. — gthly. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia; Invalids, and Volunteer Corp^; for Barracks; for Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Chelsea Hospital; for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of Public Offices: Specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Am y, and the Articles thereof. — lothly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries; specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectivel)'.-* 11 thly. Miscellaneous Services; specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively: And, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated.

Appendix,

(No. 32<

29//; April.

HEADS of EXPENDITURE. SUMS.

r 1 A

I. For Interest, Sec. on the Permanent Funded Debt of Great Britain, including Annuities for Lives and Terms ot Yedrs ----- --- j £ ' d. [7,026758 9 l| £ ' <* 1 1 £ d.

For Charges of Management thereon - - - - For Interest on that Part of the Funded Debt which is to be Redeemed by the Duties on Income - 1,359,78° 1 n| 192,810 14 115

For Charges of Management thereon - - - - For Interest, &c. on Loans raised for Service of Ireland - -- -- 577,944. 1 8 30,752 16 3

For Charges of Management thereon - - - - 8,833

For Interest, Scc. on Imperial Loans - - - 491,772

For Charges of lYlanagcment thereon - - - - 5.856 19 4-:

There was also Applied towards Reduction of the National Debt, the Annual 19,456,254 12 95 238,294 3 Si

Issue of - - - £. 1,000,000 — —

The usual Annual Grant . - 200,000 — — 1,200,000 20,656,254 12 91

Whereof was Applied, towards Reduction of the Na- j

tional Debt 4,767,991 4 11

Tot al on Account of Inten ft - - - D° - for Charges of Management - - 15,888,263 7 8| 238,294 3 I

- Du - on Account of the Reduction of the

National Debt ----- - 4,767,991 4 11 ..... 20,894,548 16 5«

766,480 5 3I

HI. The Civisl List - -- - 898,000 — —

IV. The other Charges on Tie Con soli dated Fund; Viz.

Courts of Justice - -- -- - 41,694 — 11

Mint ----- - Allowances to the Royal Family, Pensions, and 11,594 2

other Annuities granted by Government - > 85,455 5 3i

Salaries and Allowances ----- - 23-i33 ‘7 5?

Bounties 6.335 >5 — 1,166,212 19 9 i:

1

78,206 15 3

VJ. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; Viz.

Bounties lor Fisheries, Ivlanufactures,&c. _ _ _ - _ 342,633 18 i£

Pensions jpon the Hereditary Revenue - - - _ - - - - 27,700

Militia and Dei'erters Warrants, &c. - - - ----- 38969 16 4x / j,

VII. The Navy; Viz. Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, 409,303 *4 6*

and Navy Pay Offices ----- - For Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and 46,000

Pensions - -- 2,521,007 l6 II -

For Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores3

Pilotage, Contingencies, Sec For Marine Service on Shore > --- 4,682,915 15 4; 362,265

- 7,612,188 12 \ i

The Victualling Department ----- - 5,209,248 1 3

The Transport - - - - D°, for Transports < - 1*363,007 16 6 489,000 — —

----- --- - for Prisoners 0 War in Healtl Miscellaneous Services ----- - _ f fi 81,000 — — 55,000 — - 1,499,007 16 6 . 14,809,44410 — 1

Carried forward ' 38,124,197 1 5

VOL. 56,

8i 6

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 3a.)

l$th April.

continued.

HEADS of EXPENDITURE.

r

Brought forward

J VIII. The Ordnance

IX. The Armr. — Ordinary Services; Viz.

For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps - -

Barracks ——

Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons Half Pay - -- -- -Widows Pensions ——

Chelsea Hospital ——

Foreign Corps ——

Exchequer Fees ——

Pay of Public Offices -

SUMS.

A. 1801.

TOTAL.

d.

Extraordinary Services

X. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other

Countries:

Subsidies to Foreign Princes -

Loan to Ireland ——

XI. Miscellaneous Services:

At Home ——

Abroad ——

8,113404 12 4 904,341 ——

149,062 — 11 182,922 14 s 21,500 ——

»58-432 — 8 322,670 19 3

85,835 12 6

33,720 — 1

£ d.

N

£ ' * 38,124,197 1 5

1,914,967 8 5

9,971,889 — 2

3,906,000 — —

2,613,177 19 4

2,000,000 — —

1,019,439 1

236,140 5 6

Deduct Loan to Ireland

13,877,889 — 2

4,613,177 19 4

1.255*579 7 — I

/. d.

59,785,810 16 4j

# 2,000, COO — ---

+ 57,785,81° 16 4

The Interest and Charges on this Loan are secured by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, conformably to an Act of the 39th and 40th of His present Majesty, Ch. 109.

+ This includes the Sum of £. 497*735. 13/. for Interest paid on Imperial Loans.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, April 29th, 1801.

N. Vanfiitart.

Appendix,

(No. 33.)

2 9th April.

Dublin Castle, April 1801.

Mr Lord,

I have received the Honour of your Grace's Letter of the 31st of March, inclosing a Copy of a Resolution of the' House of Commons, requiring an Account of such Places and Offices of Profit under the Crown in Ireland, as are actually held by Members of that House; and desiring that i should give Directions for its being prepared and transmitted as soon as possible.

I beg Leave to observe to your Grace, that we have not any authen-cated Lift of the House of Commons, nor do we receive any Official

Information of the Places and Offices of Profit held by Members returned to that House; I have how ever caused an Account to be made out, agreeably to the Order of the House, from the bell Information that we are possessed of, which I have the Honour to inclose herewith.

I have the Honour to be, with great Truth and Regard, My Lord, Your Grace's

moil obedient humble Servant,

Cor mv allls.

His Grace

I The Duke of Portl a nd, &c. &c. &c.

An ACCOUNT of such Places and Offices of Profit under the Crown in Ireland, as are usually held by Members

of the House

By

The Right HonbIr John Beresford ——

John Claudius Beresford ——

Lord De Blaquiere ——

Lord Viscount Cafllereagh - -- --. - -

Lord Viscount Clifden ——

Right Honb,e Isaac Corry ——

Right Honbl* Charles Henry Coote - - - -.

Patrick Duigenan, L.L.D. ——

George Hatton, Esq. -

Right Honble Maurice Fitzgerald - -- -.

MountLrt Longfield, Esq. - -- --....

Lord Viscount Loftus - -..... -

John Longfield, Esq. ——

Richard Martin, Esq. - -- -.-

William Mecke, E'q. ——

Right Honb,e George Ogle ——

' William Rowley, Esq. ——

John Ormsby Vandelcur, Esq. ——

The Right Honb,c Lord Robert Seymour ——

The Right HonbI. Lord Viscount Clements ——

of Commons.

April 1801,

First Commissioner of His Majesty's Revenues, and Taster of Wine. Store Keeper in the Port of Dublin.

Alnager, for a Term of Years.

Keeper of His Majesty's Signet or Privy Seal in Ireland, and Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant.

Clerk of the Privy Council.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Commissioner of the Treasury, and Surveyor General of Lands.

Commissioner of the Revenue.

His Majesty's Advocate in the Court of Admiralty, and a Commissioner of Compensations in consequence of the Union. Commissioner of Stamp Duties.

Commissioner of the Treasury.

Commissioner of the Revenue.

Commissioner of the Treasury.

Customer of the Port of Cork.

Commissioner of Accounts.

Mailer of the Revels,.and Secretary to the Board of General Officers during Life.

Register of Deeds, during good Behaviour Commissioner of the Revenue.

Commissioner of the Revenue.

Joint Clerk of the Crown, and Prothonotary and Clerk of the Court of Common-Pleas, for Life.

Joint Searcher of the Port of Dublin, for Life.

An ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT and DEM ANDS OU T ST AN DING on the 5th of January 1801; under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service; specifying the fame; Distinguishing under each Head respectively the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands con lifted; and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then Unprovided for.

Appendix,

(No. 34.)

jt/t M

Appendix

(A.) - - EXCHEQUER BILLS:

By what ACTS Raised.

38 Geo. III. - Cap. 5.

39 ... - 69.

39 - Self. 2. - 3.

30 Geo. III. Cap. 71. D° - Sess. 2. - 6.

39 & 40 Goo. III.

Cap. 33.

- - - 102.

D° - - - - 103

39 Geo. III. - Cap. 2.

D° - Sess. 2. - D°

39 Sz 40 Geo. ill ?

Cap. 28. $

Da - - - - 104.

41 Geo. III. - 7.

D° - - - - 8.

On what FUNDS Charged.

AMOUNT Outft&nding.

Land Tax Supplies -

Pensions, Offices, Personal Estates Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff

Income Duties - - - 099 "

On certain Duties on Goods Exported and 1 Imported, See. j

On Income Duties - 1J99 -

Anno 1798 - r

1800 - (a) 1

and certain Duties on J

rUff - - - L

(b) |

C-

287,000

718,900

4l6, OCO

881,300

2986OO

780,900

On all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted for f the Year 1800, except the Duties imposed per < (c) 6,915,100

Acts 39 Geo. 111. Self. 2. Cap. 2. & 3. - - £

On Supplies

- Da -Malt Duties, &c.

- D> -

1801 -

*799 "

1800 -

(d)

1 315 00,c

3 3,000,1

,000

,coo

(For Extension of Bank Charter, bearing no Interest) On Supplies - - - - 1806 -

On Supplies Malt Duties, &c.

1801 -

1801 -

PcnHons, Offices, and Personal Estates, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff -

503.000

750.000

3,000,000

2,740,300

289.000

2,000*000

(B-)

1. & a.

} - -

TREASURY:

Miscellaneous Services, including Discount on Prompt Payments on Loan and Lottery 1800 - - /. 449,179 3 4i

Treasury Bills Accepted previous to and on the 5th January 1801, due subsequent to that Day -

Warrants for Army 8ervices

(C.)

ARMY:

Ordinary Services -ExtraoTdinaries

- £.1,381.471 — —

Nil.

s. d.

L

J.

26,080,100 — —

226,942 5 nf 329,327 6 3

(D.) .-BARRACKS....

(E.) - -ORDNANCE

(F.) - - NAVY....

(G.) - - CIVIL LIST ADVANCES, &c.

(«) Paid off since 5th January 1801.

(£) Provision is made for the greater Part of these Sums, by specific Votes of£. 1,100,000, and /. 250,000; — and £. 1,002,500 has been paid off since the 5th January 1801; and the Remainder is in Course of Payment.

(<*) /. 4,000.000 have been granted towards paying off these Bills; and/. 2,103,600 have been cancelled since the 5 th January 1801. — -The Remainder are to be discharged out of the above Grant, and the Funds on which they are charged.

(</) The Sum of /.3,500,00c, and /. 3,000,000, have been, for some Years past, replaced from Year to Year by other Exchequer Bills to a similar Amount.

THE remaining Sums are to be discharged by the Funds on which they are respectively charged. — /. 3,500,000 were authorized to be raised per Act 41 Geo. III. Cap. 14.; but no Part of them were issued before the 5th January 1801.

1,003,448 «5 7|

1,381,471 — —

84,510 ——

606,967 19 7 8,705,886 8 10J 28,550 10 10

37,892,934 14 n

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1

May 7th 1801. J „ .

' Van/iiturt.

1

VOL. 56.

9Y

SiS

A ppendix.

A. 1

Appendix, (No. j4.) Jib May. couimud.

APPENDIX to the preceding ACCOUNT.

J

' Appendix (A.)

Ad ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT in EXCHEQJUER BILLS, Outfbnding the 5th January 1801.

By what ACtt Raised. On what FUNDS Charged., Amount OutfUnding.

38 Geo. III. Cap. 5. Land Tax - -- Anno 1798 - - - .£. r. d. 287,000 — —

39 Geo. III. Cap. 2. Malt Duties, Sec. - -- - A* -1799 - - 503,000 — —

Cap. 69. Supplies - -- ----- - - A0 - 1800 - 718,900 — —

Cap. 71. Income Duty - --.--.--A0 - 1799 ----- -- 881,300

Self. 2d. Cap. 2, Malt Duties, &c. - . - ~ - AJ - 1800 - - - - . - - 750,000 — —

Cap. 3. Pensions, Offices, Personal Estates, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff - 416,000 — —

Cap. 6. On certain Duties on Goods Imported and Exported, &c. 1799 - 298,600 — —

Cap. 6. Income Duty, 1799 - -- -- 780,900 — —

39 & 40 Geo. III. 7 Cap. 28.3 (For Extension of Bank Charter) on Supplies, A0 1806 ----- -- 3,000,000 — —

CaP- 33- On all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Year 1800, except the Duties imposed per Acts 39 Geo. III. Sess. 2d. Cap. 2 and 3. - -- -- - 6,915,100 — —

Cap. 102. On Supplies - - - A0 - 1801 - j 3,500,000 — —

Cap. 103. D* 1 3,000,000 — —

Cap. 104. D* - 2,740,300 — —

41 Geo. III. Cap. 7. Malt Duties, &c. 1801 - -

Cap. 8. Pensions, Offices, Personal Estates, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff 2,000,000 — —

26,080,100 — —

Exchequer Bill Office, 1 the 5th of May 1801. j

J. Planta. John Peter♦

Appendix (B, 1.)

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of Great Britain, and the Demands Outstanding ©n the 5th of January i8qh, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, &c.: Distinguifhkig, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts of Demands confided; and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then Unprovided for — so far as relates to the Treasury.

Demands Outstanding on 5th of January 1801, for Services that had been Voted:

To enable His Majesty to make good the Sams which may be awarded under the 7 th A wide of the Treaty with \ £. 9. d*

America, to be paid by the British Government - - - -.....- - - \ 60,000 — —

For Indemnification to Earl St. Vincent and Sir Charles Grey* late Commanders'in Chief in the West Indies, on Account of Decrees against them in the High Court of Admiralty, for the Detention of America^ Ships at the Capture of Martinique and other Places in the West Indies - 23,000 ——

For repairing the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, Westminster - - -\ 2,721 —

To be paid to Jeremy Bentham, Esq. for the Purchase of Ground, for erecting a Penitentiary House for the Custody

and Employment of Convicts, and towards the Expence of erecting such Penitentiary House - % - - - \ 24,000 — —

Salaries to the Commissioners for Hiking out Certificates of the Prizes in the Lottery, A° 1799 - - - - \ 1,600 ——

William Young, Esq. for Expences attending the Execution of an Act for the Redemption of the Land Tax for the

Years 1799 and 1800 - - - - r - - - - \ *

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services for the Year 1800 ... - - - \ * 51,7^ it ~

For defraying the Charge of Priming the Journals of the House oFCommons for the Year 1800 - " - \ ^SaS 7

For defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts - \ 81582

For defraying the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners of American Awards for the Year 1800 - - - \ \,8\8 15

To John Davis, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of his Method of purifying and cleaning

Wheat damaged by Smut, and rendering it fit for the Food of Man - - - \ 1,000

For the Civil Establishment of the Hland of Dominica, from the lft of January to 31st December 1800 - - - \ 600 — — -

For the Civil Establiftunent of the Bermudas or Somers Klands, from the 24th of June 1800 to the 25th of December

following - - - \ 290 - —

For the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, and Corsican Emigrants, certain Saint Domingo

Sufferers and American Loyalists, for the Year 1800 8,^9° " "*

For defraying the Expence incurred or to be incurred for the Repairs of the King'* Bench Prison - - - \ a,oooo —

For defraying the Expence incurred or to be incurred for the Repairs of the Marshalsea Prison - - - - \ $,000 —

For defraying the Expence of a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers - - - \ 25,000 —

Towards liquidating the Demands of Saint Domingo Claimants - - \ 32,000 —

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied

in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade - 5,000

Borne forward - - - £ \ 252/7*2

% Yaid fmce $th January 180x«

Paid in Part - D*-/

t

41 Geo. Ill,

Appendix,

Brought forward

])jemands Gutstanding on 5th January 1801, for Services that were not Provided for:

- By the Bank of England, for receiving Contributions to Annuities for railing £.20,500,000, A° 1800 ——

For Discount on Prompt Payments thereon

By the Bank of England, for receiving Contributions to Lottery 1800 -

For Discount on Prompt Payments thereon ——

For a Clerk employed on Business relative to American Claims '--

Officers of the Exchequer, for extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills -

To the Secretary of the Commissioners for Reducing the 'National Debt, for Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission, for Half a Year, to 5th January 1801 -

£. s. d.

16,518 14 7 176,672 18 9

1,000 — — 658 — 1

132 3 6

Appendix,

,s4;,: U(No-j4 )

jth.

955 5 —

'96.437 1 u

449*'79 3 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 6th May 1801.

N. Vunfit tart*

Appendix (B. 2.)

An ACCOUNT of Warrants for ARMY SERVICES, Due and Unpaid on the 5th January 1801; and of TREASURY BILLS Accepted previous to and on the 5th January 1801, Due subseqifent to that Day; and which were

Unprovided for.

For Pay, Additional Pay, and Contingencies cf General and Staff* Officers - - *

For Knapsacks and Accoutrements ——

For Cloathing

For Loss of Baggage, &c. of sundry Officers

For Bat, Baggage, and Forage ——

For the Apothecary General

For Table of the Guards -

For sundry Miscellaneous Service! #

Treasury Bills Accepted previous to and on the 51b January 1801, Due subsequent to that Day

£ /. d.

35,331 10 8

970 *4 —

7,668 16 6

3.533 5 t

40,683 18 11

I IO, COO — —

4*37 11 6

116,901 9 7

3*9.327 6 3

226,942 5

556,269 12

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 6th May 1801, J

N. Vanfttart#

Appendix (C.)

An ACCOUNT of Demands for ARMY SERVICES, Outstanding on the 25th of December 1S00, which have beea Provided for by several Grants of Parliament; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consisted; Viz.

ORDINARY SERVICES:

For Off-Reckonings ——

Militia Cloathing ——

Invalid D° ——

Cloathing for Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps -

Cloathing and Remounting for the Life Guards - - % . -

Captains Allowances -

Cloathing and Accoutrements for Augmentations ——

Pay of the Garrisons in Great Britain, Gibraltar, America, and the West Indies ——

Pay of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals in Great Britain, America, and the West Indies, Gibraltar, and Portugal ——

Recruiting

Marches and Contingencies ——

Half Pay....

Jn-Pension of Chelsea Hospital -Uorfe Furniture for Augmentations

Total.....£.

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 5th May 1801.

Vo L. 56.

590,000 ——

*79*934 ——

15.000 -

30,628 — —

3,92* ——

90.000 — —

30,038 ——

28.000 — — *

1,381,471 —

Per George Craufurd,

Accountant Gen1.

Appendix, (No. 34.) 7 th May *

continued'.

Appendix (D.)

STATEMENT of the Outstanding Demands of the BARRACK Department, on the 31st December 1800.

Received from Paymaster General, between the ift January and 31st December 1800: V12.

- £ 479*334 239,718 13M79

For the Service of the Barrack Department for the Year 1800; as Voted by Parliament For Forage, as provided in the Estimate of the Army; - - - D°

On Account of Outstanding Demands of the Year 1799, provided for in that Year On Account of Foreign Gafrifons and sundry Services; provided for as above

Total Received of Paymaster General Add for Sums received on sundry Accounts, between ift January and 31st December 1800

Total Received -

Deduct, Paid on Account of Services of the Year 1799 - - - . - -

Total Received for the Service of the Year 1800 -

Paid on Account of Buildings, Repairs and Alterations, Purchase of Premises, Forage, Beer, Coals, Candles, Bedding, Furniture, Utensils, Rents, Barrack Matter's Expenditures, Lodging Money to Officers, Office Establifti-ment, &c. See. Scc. ....

Balance for the Current Service on 31st December 1800 By Bills Accepted and Outstanding on the 31st December 1800 ——

c

Deduct Balance as above Demands Outstanding on 31st December 1800

904*341

S°»7°S

955,046

>81,059

773.987

753.841

20, > 46

104,656

0,146

84>5lO

The above Demands being on Account of Advances for the Service of the Year 1801, are Provided forin the Sums Voted by Parliament for that Year.

This Account is stated to the End of the Year 1800, being the customary Period of making up the Accounts of the Year.

Barrack Office, j May 5th 1801. $

OL De Lancey,

B„M. Gk

~ _ — Appendix (E.)

An ACCOUNT of De man ds on the ORDNANCE, Outstanding on the 5th January 1 So 1; distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands consist, and also what Part of the Taid Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was Unprovided for: Viz.

1

Debentures made out, and Bills, so far as they have been delivered in, for Stores supplied and Services performed; also Bills of Exchange, Imprefts to Store Keepers and Paymasters, ajid other Ready Money Articles -

Deduct — The following Sums included in the above Account, and not Provided for by Parliament: Viz.

£- ' '

ISt. Vincent - -- - 200 — —

Grenada - - " - - - - IOO ----- -.

Tobago - - - " 220 — —

St. Lucia - - 300 ——

Demerara - -- - 100 — —

Trinidad - - - 300 ——

Newfoundland - 354 — —

Amount of a Demand made on this Office for the Value of Ordnance and

Stores captured by His Majesty's Forces in the Island of Malta - - 166,371 9 11

SaltPetre - - - -- 57,20a — —

Remaik s provided for by the Grants by Parliament for Ordnance Services

£ 832,113 9 6

225,14; 9 11

606,967 19 7

Office of Ordnance, - 27th March i8ci.

By Order of the Board,

R> H. Crew,

SecL

Appendix (F.)

Navy 1 An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the UNFUNDED DEBT of His Majesty's Navy, and of all

6th May l8ot. J Demands Outstanding on the jift December 1800; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist.

Appendix, (No. 34) 7th Mgj.

continued.

HEADS of NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Due — For Bills piyable at Nivmty Diys bate, tot Stores, freight of'tenders. Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, &c. suppHed for the Service of the Navy -

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1800; as also for several Bills of Exchange -

For Wages to His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ----- ....

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establiftunent made by His Majesty in Council..... ——

For Wages to Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off ——

For Wages to Seamen and Marines on Board Ships in Sea Pay.

VICTUALLING;

As per Account received from those Commissioners: Viz.

Due — For Bills payable it Ninety Days Date, for Provisions, Stores, &c.

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made cut on 31st December 1800 ——

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies

For Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports

For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off *

SICK and WOUNDED;

A» pet Account received from those Commissioners: V12.

Dui — fdr Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports* Sick Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office ——

C ' d,

1,855,712 a 8

894,95a 6 2

431,893 ——

157,582 17 6

449,484 15 4

1,699,634 ——

s. d.

S'399>259 *

,082,126 5 zo

86,637 17 10 125,128 10 11 38,222 7 11

32,626 3 6

TRANSPORTS;

As per Account received from those Commissioners: Vi*.

Due — For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for the Freight of Transports and Stores, and for

Subsistence, Cloathing, &c. of Prisoners of War in Health ----- 348.988 14 3

For Freight of Transports, and for Stores supplied; Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also for Subsistence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1800 ----- - 1,006,745 10 1

THE Difference between the Balance in the Treasurer's Hands, and of the Sum received from the Exchequer, in the Year 1800, out of the Supplies of the Year 1801 -

The UNFUNDED DEBT of the NAVY amounts to Eight Millions Seven Hundred and Five Thousand Eight Hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings ----- ----- - J

\ 1,364.741 6 —

159.435 »9

»«>355'?34 4 4

8.278,970 11 10 426.915 17 — i

8,705,886 8 10$

Mem":

T H E Accounts received From the different Naval Departments are made out to the 31st December in each Year: This Account is made up to that Period; as Application most otherwise be made to all the various Departments to ascertain the Particulars of the Debt incurred for the Five Days of January 1801> which could not be obtained for some Time, and the Difference in the Total Amount would be very inconliderable.

A. Uamend. IV. . S. Gamlier.

Vo L. 56.

9Z

Appendix, (No. 34.)

7tk M

continued.

Appendix (G.)

An ACCOUNT of Monies Advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil Lid) and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th of January 1801; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

To Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for Additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts Matthew Martin, Esq. towards carrying into Effect a Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis Edward Ogle, Esq. ct ah* for Expences incurred upon a Plan for the Improvement of the Port of London Thomas Brodie, Esq. for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords -Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to discharge Fees on passing Public Accounts - - .

George Rose, Esq. for Expences at the Parliament Office in Session 1800 ——

William Chinnery, Esq. t® pay Bills drawn on Account of New South Wales, due in the Year 1800, being the Excess of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose ——

James Wyatt, Esq. to pay Artificers employed in various Works about the Houses of Parliament -

William Pollock, Esq. to pay Fees on passing a Commission appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison ——

£ ' d.

i,6$S 4-

JOO — —

253 iz 7 116 16 —

3, Soo ——

374 4 *

6,756 10 5 2,000 — —

William Chinnery, Esq. for Medicines sent to New South Wales ——

Lord Walsingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers, in the Session

1799.]800

Thomas Foden, Esq. towards enabling him to prosecute a Discovery made by him of a Paste as a Substitute for Wheat Flour-....

Charles Abbot, Esq. for sundry Persons employed by the Select Committee of the House of Commons to enquire into the State of the Public Records ——

George Whittam, Esq. for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons ——

Samuel Dunn, Esq. for making an Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

John Clementson, Esq. for his Attendance in the House of Commons in the Session 1799-. 1800 -

Jeremiah Dyfon, Esq. to make good the Deficiency of his Allowance, as Clerk Assistantof the House of Commons during the Session 1799-1800 ——

Henry Thornton, Esq. for the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, Mile End New Town, and Christ Church Spital Fields ——

Charles Rossi, being the Second Payment, for erecting a Monument in Saint Paul's Cathedral to the Memory of Captain Faulkener ——

Charles Bragge, Esq. for his Services to the House of Commons

Whitehall, Treafvuy Chambers, 6th May 1801.

N. Vanftttart.

Appendi;

ACCOUNTS respecting the Annual Revenues and Disbursements of The East India Company, at their several (N°- 35

Presidencies and Settlements in India. 8

v ----- --- j

' i

BENGAL.

No. 1.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Pod Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797-8. 1798-9. 1799-1800. Per Estimate, 1800-1801.

CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Duties - - - 74,867 67,131 1,30,283 69,600

Post Office Collections - - I,62,86l 2,01,926 2,49,527 2,36,500

Benares Revenue and Customs 43*5'*693 39,85,450 48,47,233 43,38,400

Oude Subsidy, being the Re- ✓

ceipts from the Nabob Vizier, for the Expences of the Company's Troops employed in his Dominions,

&c. &c. 67,49,270 98,50,689 92,77*057 99^37

Land and Sayer Revenues Collection thereof, includ-

ing former Year's Balances 3,09,74,430 3,07*2 M31 3,21,32,296 3,12,50,400

Police Taxes, Judicial Fees,

and Fines, Sec. 5,59,207 4>35>4i4 4*45*265 4,40,800

Customs - 9,22,204 9.57,103 13.34,040 12,99,200

Sale of Salt - - - 1,15.43,24: 1,29,67,227 1,26,47,667 1,02,08,000

Sale of Opium - 23. >43 3 21,03,043 37.20.24S 40,60,000

Stamp Duties - 1,07,201 2,40,758 2,63*784 2,90,000

Total Revenues - - 3,78,27,413 6,15,36,152 6,50,47,380 6,33*92,037

Deduct Charges - - 3,94,31,162 3,91,29,997 4>45>3I*197 4,42*20,476

Net Revenues - CR* 1,83,96,251 2,24,06,159 2,05,16,183 1,91,71.561

East India Houfie, >

5th May 1801. i (Error, except )

VOL. 56.

No. i.

An ACCOUNT of the' ANNUAL CHARGE defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797-8. 1798-9- 1799-1800 Pct Estimate, iSco-1801.

CIVIL: CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Charges 1,84,184 3. 6,303 3,11,916 1,74,000

Post Office Charges 2,38,612 . 2,09,200 2,17*369 1,97,200

Charges of the* Residency of Benares - - - 6,81,971 6,96,818 7,45,009 6,53,080

Charges of Resident*s Office, Sec. at Lucknow 3,98.180 2,15,590 2,04,404 2,32,000

Other Charges of the Civil Establishment 28,01,682 27,23,675 36,61,171 35,97*508

Total Civil Charges - CR* 43,04,629 41,51,586 51,39*869 48,53,788

JUDICIAL: Supreme Court of Judicature, and Law Charges - 4*43,231 6,97,850 6,75,993 4,76,760

Charges of the Dewannv and Nizamut City and Zilla Adawlut. also of the Police Establishments, and Courts of Appeal - 39,10,983 39,62,59c 45*37*H9 43*07*776

Total Judicial Charges, CR* 46,60,44;' 52,13,112 47,84,536

MILITARY: Charges on the Company's Account, including Contrails Contingencies, and King's Troops 1*39,35*65^ i,io,73.7i3 i*43*35*38o 1,27,98,943

Charges on the Nabob Vizier's Account 60,29,218 90,26,561 80.91,717 1,06,94,537

tTotal Military Charges, CR* 1,99,64,86s 2,01,02,27*; 2,24,2 7,09/ 2,34,93-48o

Marine - 5,31,86c 5,49,998 6,35*h5 6,03,20O

I Buildings and Fortifications - 3,08,153 6,62,440 11,82,83; 12,47,000

| Revenue — Charges, Inclnd-j ing Stipends - 50,38,968 46,10,664 53.S4.653 49,08,192

C1 stoms — Charges of Col- ketion - 85,562 84,48; 1,06,806 87,000

I j Sait- — Advances and Charges 30,18,809 32,63*774 34,43,469 31,08,800

1 Opium - - D# - - - D° - 17,36,649 9,77*95° 9,78,682 11,13,600

| Stamp Office Charges 87,450 66,381 19*557 20,880

1 Total Charges - CR* ! 3.94,31,!62 3*91,29,993 4*45,3i,i97 4,42,20,476

fV. Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

ppendix.

j«To- 35-) tb M

ontinued

1

Accounts respetting Tmb East India Company's Revenues —

BENGAL.

No. 3.

A C O M PARI SON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVE NU ES of TH E EAST INDIA CO MPANY, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oudi, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll. Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1799-1800, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year.

Estimated Amount 1799-1800. Actual Amount 1799-1800. Surplus in the Actual Receipts. Deficiency in the Actual Receipts.

REVENUES.

CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Duties - 58,000 1,30,283 72,283

Pod Office Collections 2,32,000 a»49,527 '7>527

Benares Revenue, including Customs ... 45,56,480 48,47,233 2>9°>753

Oude Subffdy c 97>r9*772 92,77,037 - - - 4,42,735

Land Revenues 3,15,82,160 3,21,32,296 5,50,136

Judicial Department, Fees, Fines, &c. 4*37,32° 4»45»265 7,945

Customs - 9,39,600 13,34,040 3,94,440

Sale of Salt - 1,21,80,000 1,26,47,66 7 4,67,667

Sale of Opium a 20,30,000 37,20,248 16,90,248

Stamp Duties 2,32,000 2,63,784 3',784

Total Revenues - CR* 6>'9>67>332 6, S°>47>38° 35>22»783 4,42,73S

Net Surplus*] of Actu.il Re- j ceipts - - - J ► 30,80,048

Deduct Charges - CR* 4,'5,75>534 4,33»29>9°9 1 Net Surplus of] AdtualCharges J f '7,54,375

Net Revenues - CR* 2,°3>9',798 1 2,17,'7,47' 1 Surplus of Net} Revenues - I \ '3,25>673

East India House, )

5th May 1801 \ (Errors excepted.)

Estimated Amount 1 799-1800. Actual Amount paid and due 1799-1800. Surplus in Actual Charges. Deficiency la Actual Charges.

CHARGES. CR* CR* CR* CR*

CIVIL: Mint Charges - 1,46,160 2,99,504 1,53,344

Post Office Charges - 2,03,00a 1 2,11,775 8,775

Charges of the Residency of Benares - 6,76,280 6,80,397 4,"7

Charges of the Reffdent's Office Lucknow 2,*4,234 2,04,404 . - - 9,8 jo

Other Charges of the Civil Department - 28,71,232 34,'7,57' 5,46,339

Total Civil Charges, CR* 41,10,906 48,13,651 7*2,575 O mi OO C>

JUDICIAL: Supreme Court of Judicature and Law Charges 6,10,268 S>64»"3 46,'55

Charges of the Adawluts and Police - 42,27,968 43,05,119 77*i5»

Total Judicial Charges, CR* 48,69,232 30,996

MILITARY: Charges on the Company's Account - ',23,96,423 1,41,94,677

D° - - on the Vizier's Account - 90,76,337 80,91,717

Total Military Charges, CRS 2> *4>72,76o 2,22,86,394 8,13,634

Marine Charges 5,49,840 6,10,740 60,900

Buildings and Fortifications - 12,29,600 11,82,837 - - - 46,765

Revenue Charges 52>3',832 50,25,353 . 2,06,479

Customs. — Charges of Collection - 1* 87,000 i,or,i8S 00 00 f

Salt. — Advances and Charges 29,90,48C 3,43>469 4*52,989

Opium. D° - D° 10,35,880 9,78,682 - . - 5 7,'9s

Stamp Office Charges 29,000 18,363 - 10,637

Total Charges - CR* 4,'5,75,534 4,33,29,909 20,85,282 3*3°*9°7

Net Surplus of? Actual Charges J '7,54,375

wm might.

Auditor of India Accounts.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues — continued

FORT ST. GEORGE,

No. 4.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of A rcot, from the Rajah of Tanjorb, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797.8. 1798-9. 1799-1800. Per Estimate, 1800-1801.

Pagodas. Pagodas. PagodaS. Pagodas.

Post Office Collections - 38,785 47,055 79,1 IS 33,296

Land and Sea Customs (Mint and CoinageDuties included) 1,26,049 r»44>124 i,74,9rS 1,32,843

Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot - 9,48,127 8,80,427 9,20,128 9>35>983

Subsidy from the Rajah of Tanjore, and Revenues collected from his Countries - 5,16,170 - 5,37>436 7,2 r,326 10,07,772

Subsidy from the Rajah of My lore, and Revenues from the Conquered Countries - 16,05,255 20,75,643

Subsidy from the Nizam 57,220 4,83,420 5,32,236 9,46,106

Land Revenues - 18,32,458 21,41,664 22,08,847 22,30,970

Land Revenues and Customs collected in the Ceded Countries - - - - 6,41,620 7,38,417 6,37,076 6,33,235

Farms and Licences - 1,19,119 1,13,460 1,16,859 1,27,690 >

Revenues of Ceylon, and Dutch Settlements - 5,67,829 2,23,578 60,527 59,140

Total Revenues - Pagodas 48,47.377 53,09,581 70,56,341 (a) 81,82,678

(a) This Estimate does not include the Revenues and Charges of Malabar placed under Fort St. George from 1 ft July 1S00; ami as the Bombay Estimate includes the Two first Months of the Year only, Ten Months Revenue may probably amount to Ten Lacs of Rupees, after deducting the Charges of Collection, or to Pagodas 3,00,000.

The Revenues of the Districts ceded by the Nizam in Lieu of his former Subsidy are also not included; according to the Estimate from Bengal these Revenues will be Eight Lacs of Pagodas more than the Subsidy included above; but some Reduction will be required for the Expences of collecting the Revenues; but the Whole of this Addition cannot take place in the Year of the Estimate.

No. 5.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort Sr. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices; Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797-8. 1798-9. 1799-lSOO. Per Estimatet 1800-1801.

Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas.

Post Office Charges - 31,165 32,048 46,536 29,000

Civil Charges - 3,02,767 3,44,6s6 3,90,751 3,44*15°

Military Charges, including King's Troops - 46,71,246 64,03,429 56,52,878 68,27,848

Buildings and Fortifications - 80,825 46,141 30,015 80,000

Charges on the Revenues and Customs - 8,10,320 9,37,220 7>I4,59‘ 8,86,044

Charges on the Revenues of the Ceded Countries - L43>425 1,78,361 2,09,224 2,00,000

Charges on the A (Turned or Assigned Revenues of Tan-jore - 44,036 97,675 1,72,283 4,08,83a

Charges collecting the Revenues of Ceylon and Dutch Settlements, including Charges of Dutch Prisoners ----- -- 2,10,652 1,64,484 2,20,780 1,85,8 iS

Charges and Stipends in My-fore ..... 2,27,643 3,46,090

Total Charges - - - - 62,94,436 82,04,014 76,64,701 93,07,78a

Deduct Revenues - - 48,47,377 53,09,581 70,56,34i 81,8 2,678

Net Charges - Pagodas 14,47,059 28,94,433 6,08,360 11,25,104

East India House, 1 Jjfm Wright,

jth May 1801. } (Errors excepted.) Auditor of India Accounts.

VOL. 56.

10 A

}J

Appendix,

(No. 35 )

8/16 May.

continued.

'(Appendix,

5(No.3S-)

' 8 tb May.

continued.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

FORT ST. GEORGE.

No. 6.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Colleaions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences; for the Year 1799-1800; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the faici Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same reflectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and Collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Estimated Actual Estimated AdualAmbur it Surplus in Deficiency hi

Amount to be Amount Surplus in th< Deficiency Amount paid and due the Actual the Actual

received for received in A dual in the Actual on Account

1799.]800. 1799-1800. Receipts. Receipts. - j 799^-1800. 1799-1800. Charges. Charges.

REVENUES: Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas. CHARGES: Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas.

Post Office Collections - - 64,000 79,112 15,112 Post Office Charges - 34,600 46,534 11,936

Land and Sea Customs - 1,24,261; r,74.975 50,7:0 Civil Charges- - - 3.55-33° 3-77,559 24>559

Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot - - 9,22,949 9,20,128 2,821 Military Charges including King's Troops - 49,63,03 7 57,30,868 7,67,781

Subsidy from the Rajah of Buildings and Fortifications - 73,000 3°>OI5 - - - 42,985

Tanjore, and Revenues collected from his Countries - 4,76,645 7,21,326 2,44,681 Charges on the Revenues and

Customs - - 7, Si,7c9 8,17,091 35,382

Subsidy from the Rajah of My fore, and Revenues of 10,25,810 16,05,255 Charges on the Ceded Coun- 1,85,037

the Conquered Countries - 5.79.445 tries - - - - 2,09,224 24,18;

Subsidy from the Nizam 6,90,600 5,32,236 - - - 1,58,364 Charges on the Assigned Revenue, Tanjore - 1,09,39° 1,72,283 62,893

Land Revenues - 21,73,373 22,08,847 35>474 Charges collecting the Re-

Land Revenues and Customs in the Ceded Countries 6,48,032 6,37,076 - 10,956 venues of Ceylon and Dutch Settlements including Charges of Dutch Pri-

Farms and Licences i,3«>367 1,16,859 - -: 14,508 loners ----- -- 1,05,464 2,20,780 1,15,316

Revenues of Dutch Settlements - Charges and Stipends in My-

1*>945 60,527 48,582 r J lore 2,40,490 2,27,643 . - - 12,847

68,48, C7/

| Total Charges - Pagodas 78,32,299 10,40,054 55,83»

Total Revenues Pagodas 62,63,986 7°>56>34< 9,74,004 1,86,649 1

1 Net Surplus J

9,84>2-2

Net Surplusl 7.87.35s j of Actual >

of Adu-ii > Receipts j Dediifft Revenues 62.68,986 70,56,341 Charges j Dedud Net 1

1 Surplus of > LdualRcceipts J i 7,87,355

A

j 1 Net Charges - Pagodas S»79?°9I 7,75.958 1 Surplus of 1 Actual Net' > 1,96,867

1 1 i _ Charges j

East India House, ? jth May 1801. 3

(Errors excepted.) fVm Wright>

Auditor of India Accounts;

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues —

BOMBAY.

No. 7.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA

COMPANY, at the Preftdency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest: Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797-8. 1798-9. 1799-1800. Per Estimate, 1800-1801.

R* R* R* R*

Land Revenues - 3,28,950 2,78,791 4,34,730

Customs and Duties 5>6+>?'7 5,74,277 6,21,150 8,25,100

Farms and Licences - 2,82,051 5,80,199 3,78,962 6,46,200

Subsidy from the Rajah of Travencore - 4,72,798 3,8i,457 3>8,4i7 3,8r,457

Revenue from the Ceded Countries, including Customs, &c. - '3.4T.376 16,64,774 20,34,423 O O OO <

Total Revenues - R5 30,06,129 33,29,657 36,94,7S3 26,70,887

(a) The Revenues and Charges of Malabar, are here estimated for Two Months only, the Province having been placed under the Government of Fort Saint George from 30th June 1S00.

East India IToufe, 7 5th May 1 So 1. 3

(Errors Excepted )

Appendix, CNo- 35-)

8 tb Alay,

C3aiinueJm

No. 8* Vs

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the reflective Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications and the Charges of Col-lefting the Revenues and Customs; for Three Years; according to the latest: Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797-8. 1798-9. 1799-1800. Per Estimate, 1800-1801.

R* R» R* R‘

Civil Charges - 10,30,912 '2,7 5,8'7 14,59,631 14,88,200

Marine Charges 5,83,148 5,09,261 13,'5,862 13,58,000

Military Charges, including

King's Troops 57,o',953 CO O Nl 0 94,11,623 56,55,284

Buildings and Fortifications * 3,23,226 2,26,037 2,90,170 3,07,000

Charges cohering the Revenues and Customs - ',74,599 1,52,206 1,91,144 3,5»>3°°

Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs, &c. of the Ceded Countries 6.35,'59 6,91,971 8,24,014 (a). 1,88,600

Total Charges 84,48,997 1,08,72,962 1,34,92,444 93,48,384

Deduct Revenues 30,06,129 33,29,657 36,94,783 26,70,887

Net Charges 54,42,868 75,43,305 97,97,661 66,77,497

(a) See Note on preceding Side.

Wm Wright,

Auditor of India Account*.

VOL. 56.

Appendix,

(No. 35.)

8 tbM

continued.


Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

BOMBAY.

No. 9.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at die Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, Sec. for the Year 1799-1800; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distitiguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and coliefling the Revenues and Customs.

REVENUES: £ (limited Amount to be received in 1799-1800. Actual Amount received in 1799-1800. Surplus in the Actual Receipts. Deficiency in the Actual Receipts. Tt A D P r c. Estimated Amount 1 799-loCO. Actual Amount paid and due on Account 1799-1800. Surplus in the A dual Charges. Deficiency in the Actual Charges.

R* R* D R* 26,639 t H AK (j Lb. R‘ 13,06,050 R* 14,47,67° R* 1,41,620 R*

Land Revenues - 3.05,43° 2,78,791 Civil Charges -

Customs - 5,03,480 6,21,150 1,17,670 Marine D° 6,96,600 12,67,455 5>70j855

Farms and Licences - 3,71,000 3,73,962 7,962 Military D°,including King's

Land Revenues, Customs, Troops - 97,00,000 93,4',674 - - - 3,58,3:6

&c. in the Ceded Countries j 7,13,000 20,34,423 3,21,423 Buildings and Fortifications - 3,68,70c 2,9°,17° - - - 78,53°

Subsidy from the Rajah of Travencorc - 3,8 i,4S7 3,fl',45 7 Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs - 2,35,775 1,20,706 15,069

Total Revenues - R* 32,74»3<57 36,94,783 4*47>°55 26,639 Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs of the Ceded Countries 6,86,000 8,23,617 i,37,6i7

Net Surplus in 7 Actual Receipts J 4,20,416

Total Charges - IIs 1,28,93,125 8,50,092 4,5',9:5

1,32,9',292

Deduct Revenues - - 32,74,367 36,94,783 Net Surplus! in Actual > Charges - j 3,98,167

Net Charges - - R* I 96, «8,758 95,96,509 Net Surplus! in A dual > Revenues j 4,20,4:6

Deficiency of Net Charges - - - 22,2J()

East India House, 7 *

5m May 1801. J

(Errors excepted.)

Auditor of India Accounts.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Reveniths — continueJ.

No. io.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, for the Management of their ' Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguistied from the Civil or other Charges respectively; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices; Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1797-8. 1798-9. 1799-1800. Per Estimate, 1800-1801.

BENGAL: Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates CR* 18,09,907 CR* I3»59»3a 7 CR* *S>»32»3a 1 CR* 19,00,000

MADRAS: Pag* a»39»9°° Pag* 2,00,000 Pag* 3>S4>630 Pag* a»63)947

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates

BOMBAY: Rup* Rup* Rup» Rup*

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates 3,02,212 a»73»S31 *>77.824 3,56,10°

East India House, 7

cth May 1801. X (Errors excepted.)

7 W" Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

No. io. (a.)

An ACCOUNT of the EXPENCES of the Residency of FORT MARLBRO* and its Dependencies; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1796-7. 1797-8. 1798-9. Per Estimate, 1799-1800.

Civil Charges - - - - Dollars Military Charges -Buildings and Fortifications - 126,114 183, *79 105,969 l8l,241 220,217 57>521 l60,4II 237,910 86,011 130.000 192.000 50,000

Total Charges - - - Dollars 415,262 4S8»979 484,332 372,000

Deduct, Revenues arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences ----- - 18,583 23,376 24,510 35»2S°

Net Charges - c - Dollars 396,679 43 5,603 459.822 336,750

East India House, 7 5th May 1801. \ (Errors excepted.)

W* Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.*

No. 10. (b.)

AMOUNT of the EXPENCES of the Island of St. HELENA, and the Factory of CANTON; for Three Years;

according to the latest Advices.

St. HELEN A; 1796-7. 1797-8. 1798-9.

Civil Charges -Military Charges -Buildings and Fortifications - - - £ 10,032 31,641 1,326 10,039 38,488 8,sh 12,351 39.796 6,008

Total Charges - £' 42,999 57.041 58,155

Dedu<ft, Revenues arising from Rents, Farms, and Customs 1,049 779 1,107

Net Charges - - £ 41,95° 56,262 57.048

CANTON: 1797-8. 1798-9- 1799-1800.

Factory Charges - Tales 121,999 106,652 113,660

At 6 /. 8 d. per Tale - t-J* TT r_ 1 £. Sterling 40,666 35.550 37,836

East India House, > v

jth May 1801. J (Errors excepted,)

Wm,

Auditor of India Accounts.

Vol. 56. I0 B

Appendix, (No. 35.) 8 tb M.

continued.

GoOoIr>

Appendix* (No. 35-) 8 tb May.

continued.

Accounts respe<sting The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to the ift Day of March 1801, containing the Amount of the PROCEEDS of the SALE of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain; and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rales of Interest they respe&iv^ly carry* and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Cash remaining in their Treasury and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and a-fioat.

Amount of the PROCEEDS of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof: Together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year.

RECEIPTS: - - - ift March 1800 to ift March 1S01 - . - - PAYMENTS:

Cacti in the Treasury on the ift March 1800 (Morning) exclusive of Duty on Tea

Company's Goods fold -

Honourable Board of Ordnance, for Salt Petre delivered ....

Private Trade, and Dutch Goods fold

Charges and Profit on Private Trade

Customs on - - - Ditto -

Freight on - - - Ditto -

One Year's Interest received of the Bank of England, being the Company's Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 47

Bonds issued ——

jr, x. d.

403,321 17 5

7,382,849 1 1

20,000 ——

1,838,712 15 7

133,428 7 8 113,328 9 3

78,747 6 2

36,226 15 10 900 ——

Customs - -

Freight and Demo rage -

Goods and Stores Exported -Indian Debt -

Bilk of Exchange drawn from India - - Ditto - - from China Bullion Exported -

Charges on Merchandize, including Supra Cargoes Commission, Buildings, Interest on Loans, See. ——

Indigo Contractors -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds

Bonds bought up -

Bonds paid in on Sales ..... Proprietors of Private Trade -Alms Houses at Poplar ..

Balances of Goods fold under the Act 34 Geo.

III. Cap. 80.

Captains whole Ships are worn out -Pay to Military and Marine Officers on Furlough and retired from Service ..

10,007,51413

Balance of Cash on ift March 1801

£ d.

2II,2l6 *5 6

1,631,636 5 8

I,9l8, I2I 8 9

796,509 *4 4

330,484 18 4

652,826 i7 8

221,647 11 a

763,065 10 it

,87 H 11

713,488 *9 2

20,000 — —

9,50° — —

1,688,072 4 4

3>9*7 4 4

1,116 *7 t

68,500 x7 5

46,621 *5 5

9,076,924 15 — 930,589 18 —

10,007,514 13 —

ESTIMATE of the same for the Current Year, from ift March 1801 to ift March 1802.

Cash in the Treasury on the ift March 1801 (Morning) exclusive of Duty on Tea

£ ' 930,590 ——

Company's Goods fold and to be sold

7,161,918 ——

Honourable Board of Ordnance for Salt Petre -

Private Trade Goods fold before ift March 1801

Charges and Profit on Private Trade -

One Year's Interest, at £. 3 per Cent per Annum, on £. 1,207,559* the Company's Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Act of Parliament -

Persons returned from India -

Loyalty Loan....

80.000 ——

500,113 ——

100.000 ——

36,226 ——

14,800 ——

308,136 — —

Customs ——

Freight and Demorage -

Goods and Stores Exported ..

Indian Debt -

Bills of Exchange from India and China -Bullion to be Exported -Charges on Merchandize, including Supra Cargoes Commission, Interest on Loans, Commercial Residents in India, Buildings, &c. Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds Bonds advertised to be paid off Proprietors of Private Trade -Captains whose Ships are worn out Pay to Military and Marine Officers on Furlough, &c. ....

Warrants paired the Court unpaid -

Buyers of Tea returned -

Bank, for a Loan on Mortgage of the Annuities -

Bank, for a Loan on Bond -

£. s. J.

"43.734 ——

1,271,120 ——

1,485,310 ——

500,400 ——

1,041,000 ——

1,000,000 ——

769,750 ——

704.000 ——

16,067 ——

633.000 -

83,800 ——

50,000 ——

45,900 ——

971 — -

700.000 -

100.000 ——

9>,3*.7®3 ——

8,645,05a ——

Balance in Favour on ift March 1802

486,731 ——

9,131,783 ——

( cmt'mutd.)

Account* respe<5Ving The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

ASTATEMENTof their BOND DEBTS and SIMPLE CONTRACT DEBTS, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of the Cacti remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and a-fioat, on the ift Day of March 1801.

Appendix,

(No. 35.)

May.

conti f.ueJ.

To Bonds bearing Interest at £. 5 per Cent, per £ A d. By what due from Government to the Com- £ * d.

Annum ----- -- 1,487,112 pany ----- -- J,207,560

To Bonds not bearing Interest - 16,067 By Cash its Balance on ift March 1801, including Calli belonging to the separate

To Bills of Exchange unpaid from China 459*574 Fund - - - - 9I4»523 7 By Cash reserved to pay off Bonds > 930,590

To D* ----- -- India - 585,868 advertised to be paid off - - 16,067 3

To D° - -- -- India, on Account of the Indian Debt - 347,789 By the Amount of Goods fold not paid for By the Honourable Board of Ordnance, for Salt 1,667,600

To Customs on Goods fold and unfold 192,271 Petre delivered - 80,000

To the Bank, for a Loan on Mortgage of the Annuities, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum To D3 - - - - on Bond - - a £.5 700,000 By the Value of Goods in England unfold - - By Cargoes from England not arrived in India and China at the Dates of the several Quick 3,726,000

per Cent, per Annum ----- -- 100,000 Stocks - 1,976,183

To D° - for Interest on the above Loans - - 10,666 By Exports paid for, exclusive of Bullion - 1,165,664

To Freight and Demorage - To Supra Cargoes Commission on Goods fold 200,000 By Silver exported this Season, and remaining in the Treasury paid for - . 222,075

and unfold ----- - To Proprietors of Private Trade on. all Goods 65,000 By Irr.press and War Allowances paid Owners of Ships not arrived in England - 358,678

fold - To Alms Houfts at Poplar - 633,000 69.749 — Bv the Value of Ships, Sloops, and Vessels, exclusive of those stationed Abroad By the Value of the East India House and Ware- 72,210 — —

To Interest on Military Fund more than applied 17.453 — houses, &c. - - - 946,879

To D® - - Contingent — D* To what owing in the Department of the Com- 3.975 By what due from Government for Stores and Supplies to His Majesty's Troops, Sec. - - 2,672,440

mittee of Shipping (exclusive of Exports) - 108,271 By what owing from sundry Persons returned from India, and in India, to be re-paid in

To what owing for Exports of former Seasons - 78,7S9 England - - -- - 70,721 — —

To what owing for Bonds issued to Commanders whose Ships are worn out - To Warrants paflTed the Court unpaid To what owing for Teas returned by the Buyers and re-fold ----- - To Interest on Bonds - - - 161,85s — — 45,900 97* 57*63 By Loyalty Loan unfold, estimated to produce - , 308,136 — —

To Dividends on Stock ..... 52,549

£ 5.393.989

Balance in Favour 10,010,747 i

£ *5.404.736 £ *5,404,736

An ACCOUNT of New or Increased Salaries, Establishments, or Pensions, payable in Great Britain, which have been granted

or created between the i ft March 1800 and the ift March 1801.

£. 5,000 ----- --- Annuity to the Most Noble the Marquis of WeUefley.

4,755 ----- --- Increase of Salaries to Clerks in the House and Warehouses.

590 ----- --- Annuities and Pensions to Clerks of the House and Warehouses., Widows of Deceased Clerks, &c#

£ IO»34|> ——

East India House,4)

8th May 1801. j (Errors excepted.)

Chas Cart wt ight,

Accomptant General.

VOL. 56.

Appendix, (No. 36.)

8 tbM

83a

Appendix.

A. 1801,

ACCOUNTS of the Sums of Money Levied in several of the Counties of IRELAND, at the

Spring and Summer Assizes for the Year 1800; — Viz.

1. — County of |

t N T R 1 M. f

A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY presented by the Grand Juries of said County, to be levied at the Spring and Summer Assizes for the Year 1800: Also, the Balance of Public Money remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the ift of January 1801.

C* * J-

Presented at Spring Assizes 1800, and Levied accordingly.....8,346 14 8

Presented at Summer Assizes 1800, which remains un-levied - -.....8,098 16 1

Total

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands on the ift January 1801

£ 16,445 10 9

jC.4,017 5 —

Certified the 14th Day of March 1801,

Jo* Stuart,

Treasurer.

A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY granted at the Spring and Summer Assizes of the Year 1800: Together with the full Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer on the ift of January 1801.

£ ' *

Amount Levied at Spring Assizes 1800 - -- 7,15 3. 8. —

Am* - D° at Summer D° -..... 4,556. 15. 2$

Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer on the ift Day of January 1801 - - £. 4,938. 17. 5.

Out of which the Wives and Families of the Militia are to be paid.

William Irwin,

Treasurer.

}A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY Levied in said County at Spring and Summer Assizes 1800: And Balance remaining in Hands of the Treasurer on the ift Day of January 1801.

Amount of Presentments Granted by the Grand Jury of said County, at Spring Assizes 1800, and Levied - 4,716 n 4

Amount of Presentments Granted by the Grand Jury of said County at Summer Assizes 1800, but not yet Levied 2,954 11 ${

The Balance remaining in Hands ift January 1801 ---2- - 690 13 y\

3. — County of CARLOW.

T. — County A R M A G

: }

N. B. This Balance remains for Account of Presentments heretofore granted for Bridges, Roads, kc. which are not yet finished.

Carlow, March 9th 1801;

Joseph Beare,

Treasurer.

4. — County of CAVAN.

A RETURN from the Treasurer of the County Cat ah, of the Sums Laid on the said County at Spring and Summer Assizes 1800.

Laid on the different Baronies

at Spring Assizes 1800, the Sum of at Summer Assizes 1800, the Sum of -

Total Laid on the County of Cavan for the Year 180® Balance in Treasurer's Hands the ift of January 1801

s d.

t 1 u, oc -f- I

- - 1,516 H si

O 0 00^ 'S: 1 1 «.? 8

jr. 1,184 8

Ballyhaife, 9th March i8ot.

Ralph Harman,

Treasurer of the County of Cavan.

Levies in the Counties of Ireland —

5. — County of I Su

CLARE. f Di

Sums Levied Spring Assizes 1800 -Ditto - - Summer Assizes 1800

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801

£ d*

7,oi3 18 3I

- - 3*354 S 7i

£.10,368 3 11

£-V53- 5i-

Giles Daxon,

Treasurer.

6. — County of CORK.

A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY Levied on the County of Cork at Spring Assizes and Summer Assizes 1800; and also of the Balance in the Treasurer's Hands on the ift Day of January 1801.

Money Levied at Spring 1800 D* at Summer

,2>977 6 4}

i*,99° 19 5

£.25,968 5 9i

Balance in Treasurer's Hands ifl January 1801

- £.2,217. S — j.

J. W. De La Cour,

Treasurer.

7. — City of

CORK.

I, WILLIAM PHILLIPS, Treasurer of the County of the City of Cork, do hereby certify, That the Sum of £. 5,444. 13/. 6d. was prefen ted at Spring Assizes 1800, to be raised on the City and Liberties of the City of Cork; and that the Sum of £. 4,327. or. $d. was presented at Summer Assizes 1800, to he raised on the said City and Liberties: And I do further certify, That the Sum of £. 970. ix. 5d. and no more, remained in my Hands on the ift Day of January last. Given under my Hand, this 7th Day of March 1801.

W* Phillips,

Treasurer.

S.-~County of DONEGAL.

RETURN of

MONEY presented of County of Donegal, by Grand Jury, in the Year 1800.

Amount of Preferments at Lent Assizes Amount of Preferments at Summer Assizes

Total

£. ,.

7,80311 9

8,288 3 — f £ >6,091 14 91

N. B. The Money presented at Summer Alines is not yet Levied.

Balance in Treasurer's Hands on ift January 1801 - £.5,280. 10. 10.

Lifford, March nth 1801.

Geo. Charleton,

Treasurer.

9. County of DOWN.

A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY Levied in the County of Down at the Spring and Summer Assizes in the Year 1800: With the full Balance remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the ift Day of January 1801.

Lent 1800, Total Levied, including £. 529. 12 x. 1 d. for Robberies and Militia Money Summer 1800, Total Sum presented to be Levied, including £ 179. 19X. 6d, for Robberies The Amount of Preferments of Summer 1799, which was Levied and Paid at the following Lent Aflizesj

£. U d. 8,775 5 >>£

7,670 II Si

h si

7.47° 7

ift January 1801 — Balance in th* Treasurer's Hands ... £.4,417, 1

March 5, 1801.

6.

John Brett,

Treasr of the County of Down.

Appendix (No. 36.) 8th May.

continued\

VOL. 56.

10 c

poQte

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix,

(No. 36.)

8 tbM

continued.

Levies in the Counties of Ireland — continued.

10. — County of { a RET UR N of the Sums of MONEY Levied at the Spring A (Tires for the Year 1800; held in

DROGHEDA. I and for Town and County of Drogheda.

C. s. d.

For repairing the Roads within this County ----- -- 283 19 6

For Bread and other Necessaries for the Gaol - - - 51176

For to pay the Treasurer One Year's Salary - - - 3126

For to pay the Militia Mens Families - - - - 51 17 6

For to pay the Inspe£lor of the Gaol and Bridewell - - . - - ----- - 539

For to pay the Deputy Clerk of the Crown - - - - 518 —

For to pay the Expences attending the Execution of James Farmer and William Magenis - - - 1093

£.440 8 —

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands - £ 16. 6. 3.

N. B. There was not any Money Levied at the Summer Assizes 1800.

Drogheda, March 10th 1801.

Harry Brubazon, Jun %

Treasurer.

11. — County of AMOUNT

DUBLIN. f Treasurer':

T presented at Easter and Michaelmas Terms 1800, and Balances in the Bank of Ireland, and s Hands, January ift i8ow

Amount of Sums presented by the Grand Jury, and Fiated by the Court, in order to be Levied at Latter Term 1800 ——

Amount of Sums presented by the Grand Jury* and Fiated by the Court, in order to be Levied at Michaelmas Term 1800 ——

£. j. d.

6>47S 1 — I

3»98o 1$ n|

10,435 >7 —

Balance in the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of said County, for Account of the Militia,

on the 1 ft of January 1801 - -..... 46 16 6J

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer of said County on the ift of January 1801 - 91 7 1J-

----- ----- ----- --- £138 3 7i

Dublin, March 12th 1S01. (Errors Excepted.)

A. Lynar,

Trear.

r 2. — County of the )

City of I A RETURN of MONEY presented at Easter and Michaelmas 1800, for this City.

DUBLIN. J

1800. £. s. d.

To Amount of the Easter Warrant, and Levied - -- 5,182 16 iof

T-t Amount of the Michaelmas ditto, and now in Collection ----- --- 4,646 ir 6

No Balance in the Treasurer's Hands on the ift January i8or.

1 ith March, 1801.

Jn° Rcfe Baker,

Treasurer of the City of Dublin.

13. — County of FERMANAGH.

Treasurer of County Fermanagh's RETURN of the Sums of Money Levied of said County in the Year 1800.

C ' A

Sums Levied at Lent Assizes 1800 - -- - 3,042 17 9

Sums Levied at Summer Assizes 1800 - -- - - 1,927 9 8

The Balance remaining in my Hands as Treasurer, on the ift Day of January 1801, amounts to the Sum of One Thousand and Fifty-Nine Pounds Three Shillings and Sixpence Sterling.

Dated this 14th Day of March 1801.

Jason Hajfard,

Treasurer, County Fermanagh.

Levies in the Counties of Ireland

14. — County of I

GALWAY. J

Treasurer of the County of Galway — For Public MONEY Levied at Lent and Summer Assizes 1800.

Appendix, (No. 3r>.) 8/b M

continued.

Dr.

1800. £. /. d.

To Amount of the Public Cess of Lent

Assizes.....8,258 5 2§

To Amount of Ditto of Summer Assizes, which the Treasurer is not to receive from the High Constable till Lent Allizes 3,395 9 11

11,65315 if

Michael,

Trear.

Contra,

Cr.

1800. j. d.

By Amount of Queries discharged at Summer Assizes ..... ^,680 1 Si

By Arrears Due on several Baronies of

Lent Cess - - - 645 12

By Summer Cess, not yet paid in to

Treasurer.....3,395 9 11

£.9,721 4 3 Balance in Treasurer's Hands - - 1,93* 10 lof

£.11,653 15

Michael,

Trear,

15. — County of KERRY.

A R E T U R N of the Sums of MONEY Levied on the County of Ke rry at the Spring and Summer AlTizes for the Year, 1800, and the full Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of said County on the 1 ft Day of January 1801.

Amount of County Preferments for Spring 1800 Amount of Barony Preferments for fame

Amount of County Preferments for Summer 1800 Amount of Barony Presentments for same -

Total Amount

£. s. d.

2,160 7 9

3,012 1 9

1,212 19 iof 1,314 19 4

- - £

5,172 9 6

2,527 *9

7,700 8 8|

Balance remaining in Treasurer's Hands on the ill Day of January 1801 - £. 391. 18. 2$.

BIcn'ba/ett,

Trea' County Kerry.

16. — County of J

> RETURN of Sums Levied on County in 1800, and Balance in Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801.

KILDARE. \

£. / d.

At Lent Assizes 1 Soo, there was Levied on the different Baronies, and Paid to Treasurer ... 5,63 5 11 1

At Summer Assizes 1800, there was Levied on the different Baronies, and Paid to Treasurer - - 3,50616 1

The Balance in Treasurer's Hands on the iff January 1801, is - - £.1,420. tl. 2.

Of the above Balance £. 1,000 was ordered by the Grand Jury to be deposited in National Bank, until a Fund was created to build a new Sessions House; it will be forthwith proceeded on.

£. 420. 1 is.2 d.the remaining Balance, will be drawn out of Treasurer's Hands at next Affixes'; viz. on the 7th of April next;

The Grand Jury at last Assizes, represented in Aid of County, all Sums not likely to be immediately expended.

Abstracts of the Presentments for the Three last Assizes, are herewith sent.

Cardington, Athy, 9th March 1801.

‘Tho' ,

Treasurer, County Kildare.

Vol. 56.

Gooal o

83 6

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix, (No. 36.) % th M

continued.

Livies in the Counties of Ireland — continued.

A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY Levied at Spring and Summer Assizes for the Year 1800, of laid County; also the full Balance in the Treasurer's Hands, unaccounted for on the ift of January 1801,

£- s, d.

Levied and paid into the Treasurer's Hands at Spring Assizes 1800, including Family Militia Money,

Levy Money for Militia, Presentment for new Gaol, House of Infirmary, Damages for Robbery, Public

£efs. Officers' Salaries, &c. See. ----- ---- - 1,716 15 10

D° at Summer Assizes 1800, under the like Heads exactly, with Fees on Prisoners to different Officers,

with Bread, &c. for the fame, and new Gaol Presentment ----- --- 4,664. 1 81

Total - - - £. 6,380 17 6}

Remaining in Treasurer's Hands, unaccounted for ----- £.419.

17. — KING'S

County.

N. B. This Sum is for different Presentments made within the last Year, chiefly, and likely to be accounted for and demanded at the next Assizes. This Sum in the Treasurer's Hands for said County is seldom exceeded; and, in the present Instance, not being composed of old Balances, the different Works for which the said Sum was so lately Levied are probably executing.

7th March 1801.

IV. B, Armstrong)

Treasurer, King's County.

18. — County of I

J* The RETURN of Jn° Davis, Treasurer of the County of Kilkenny.

KILKENNY. 1

£. /. /.

The said Treasurer humbly Rates, That the Sum Levied in the County of Kilkenny, at Spring Assizes

1800, was -.....-.....7,415 8 nf

That the Sum Levied in the said County at Summer Assizes 1800, was ----- - 4,177 12 10

And the Balance remaining in said Treasurer's Hands on the ift January 1801, was - £. 3,674- — 4d.

All which is humbly the Return of

JnQ Davis,

Treasurer, County Kilkenny.

19. — County of the City of KILKENNY.

RETURN of the sums Levied at Lent and Summer Assizes 1800, held for said City.

/. d.

To Amount of Presentments Levied Lent Assizes aforesaid....., 524 3 6

To Amount of Presentments Levied Summer Assizes aforesaid - - 317 — 6

£841 3 —

Tc Amount of Balance in Treasurer's Hands the 1 ft Day of January 1801 - £.147. 15. 1.

Which is humbly the Return of

Oliver Leonard,

Treasurer of the County of the City of Kilkenny.

*0. — County of LEITRIM.

Treasurer's RETURN, March 1801.

Lent Assizes 1800:

Presentments at this Assizes

Summer Assizes 1800:

Presentments at this Assizes -

Total Cess for 1800

£ d.

2,972 19 3

1,534 12 n 4,507 12 2

Balance in Treasurer's Hands xft January 1801 - £.1,476.15. 7.

Friarstown, March 10, 1801.

John Johnston,

Treasurer, County of Leitrim.

Levies in the Counties of Ireland — continued.

si. — County of I

» REPORT by the Treasurer of the County of Limerick.

LIMERICK. J

£ ' *

Total Amount of Presentments on the County of Limerick at Spring Assizes 1800 - 8,947 14 7 J

Total Amount of Presentments on the said County at Summer Assizes 1800 - ... 3,974 — 4}

Balance remaining in my Hands ift January 1801 ... £.2,809.15.0.

Dated in Limerick, 10th March 1801.

J. Gabbetty

Treasurer, County of Limerick.

Appendix* (No. 36.) 8 tb May.

continued.

f 2. — County of the City of

LIMERICK.

£. d.

Sum Levied for Spring Assizes 1800 - 1,711 4 10

D° - D° for Summer D° 1800 - - - -- 1,328 14 4

Balance in Hands 1 ft January 1800 ..... £.218. 14. 5$.

Limerick, March 13th 1801.

A. VerekeTy

Trea$r.

Treasurer'* RETURN.

st. — City and County *1

f I RETURN of the Sums

LONDONDERRY. J

of MON EY presented by the Grand Jury of the City and County of Londonderry, for the Year i8eo.

Lent Assizes Summer Assizes

£. /. d

6,152 — nf

6,746 8 6

£. 12,898 9 5f

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands 5,590. I. 2f.

N. B. — The Sum of £.6,746. 8 j. 6d presented at Summer Assizes is not yet Levied, nor will be paid into the Hands

of the Treasurer until Lent Assizes 1801.

Londonderry, 9th March 1801*

Archd Boydy

Treasurer, City and County of Londonderry.

24. — County of LONGFORD.

JI do hereby certify, That the underneath is a true RETURN of the Sums of M O N E Y Levied at the Spring and Summer Assizes for the Year 1800 for laid County: Also the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer on the ift of January 1801.

Spring Assizes 1800 Summer Assizes 1800

£ '

3*873 —

2,007,2

d.

H

6f

£.5,880 13 11

Paid out of the above

3*8 S 7 2 9s

Balance in Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801 ... £.2,023. IO> 4*

Tho* Weljler*

Treasurer of laid County.

Vol. 5 6. 10 D,

A. i8or.

838 Appendix.

Appendix. ~

Levies in the Counties of Ireland — ewtinuA.

A RETURN of the Sums of MONEY Levied in the County of Lour 11 in Ireland, at the . Spring and Summer Affixes 1800: And also of the Balance remaining in the Mauds of the Treasurtr of said County on the ift Day of January 1801.

£ d.

Amount Levied at Spring Assizes 1800 - - - 4,159 3 5

D° D* - Summer - 1800 - - - 1,463 19 7

jr. 5,623 3 —

Balance remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the ift Day of January 1801 £ 1,711. 4. 5'.

Dated at Dundalk, 6th March 1801.

"John Page,

Treasurer.

(No. 36.) 8 th May.

continued.

a5. — County of

LOUTH.

*6. — County of MAYO.

Burrifoole Barony

Carra D°

Clanmorefs Do

Coftolloc D°

Erris - Do

Gallen Do

Kilmair Do

Murrifk Do

Ty rawly Do

RETURN

Burrifoole Barony

Carra D°

Clanmorefs D°

Coftolloc - D°

Erris - - Do

Gallen - - . Do

Kilmair D°

Murrifk - D* Tyrawly - D®

R E T URN of the S U M S ordered by the Grand Jury of the County of Mayo to be Levied of the several Baronies therein at Spring Assizes 1800: — Viz.

£ d

..... 937 1 10

.....1,105 16 5

----- -- - 600 16 4

----- ----- -- - 708 1 8

..... 91 9 8f

- -..... 7^4 — " I

..... 761 8 — i

- - 387 l7 9

----- --- ----- - 1,402 12 iof

Total Amount of Spring Cess 1800 - £. 6,779 5 6{

of the SUMS ordered at Summer Assizes 1800; by the Grand Jury of said County: — Viz.

£- / d:

304 11 ic£

V 483 12 9i

439 12 2

- - - - 487 15 3

- - y 252 1 3 i

- - - 559 4 8

- - - - 777 *9 / z

- - - . - - - - - 217 8 9x

- - - - T - - 729 4

Total Amount of Summer Assizes 1800 - - £.4,2 51 1 — i

Remains in the Treasurer's Hands this 13th Day of March 180 r - £.1,424. 14. 3.

One Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence Sterling.

N. B. The Annexed £. 4,251. will not be paid till next Assizes.

13th Day of March 1801.

Treasr of the County Mayo.

27. — County of

MEATH.

5 An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the SUMS granted by the Grand Jury of said County at Spring and Summer Assizes 1800; with the Amount of the Balance in the Treasurer's Hands on the ill Day of January last.

Spring Assizes 1800 Summer Assizes 1800

£. x. d.

14,657 16 8| 7,220 — 3$

£.21,877 16 iii

Balance in Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801 ----- £.2,311. 10. 3.

Trim, 10th March 1801.

Hairy Coddington, Junr,

Treasurer County Meath.

a8. — County of I

MONAGHAN. J

Levies in the Counties of Ireland — continued.

Treasurer's RETURN 1801.

Sum Levied Spring Assizes 1800 -

D* - - Summer Assizes 1800 -

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801

£.4,130. 14. — f.

£ A.

4,213 10 to

2,710 7 7

Appendix. (No. 36.) 8 tb May.

continued.

Blay. Owen Mitchell,

Treasurer County of Monaghan.

15. — QJJ EEN's

COUNTY.

Treasurer's RETURN 1801*

£ * d.

Amount Sum Levied at Spring Assizes 1800 - - 6,398 13 4

D° - - - at Summer Assizes 1800 - -- - 2,988 15 7

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands January 1801 ----- £.2,179. 9. 4.

John Kemmis,

Treasurer.

30. — County of ROSCOMON.

RETURN of the Amount of Preferments Levied in said County at Spring and Summer Assizes 1800: And of the Balance in the Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801.

The Treasurer of said County of Roscomon humbly certifies. That

£ /. d.

The Amount of the Sums of Money Levied in pursuance of Presentments made at Roscomon Spring

Assizes 1800, was - - 6,337 17 4

The Amount of the Sums of Money Levied in pursuance of Presentments made at Roscomon Summer

Allizes 1800 was - - - - 2,340 4 7

The Balance in the Treasurer's Hands (to bediibursed at the ensuing Spring

Assizes 1801) being on the 1 ft of January iaft, and on this Day - - £. 3>7S9* x3* 2l-

Three Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny.

And which I certify this 10th of March i8or.

Rob. Guff,

Treasurer, County Roscomon.

& No Money presented in said County in 1800 for the Relief of Individuals; and the Whole of the above Presentments were for Public Works, making and repairing Roads and Bridges in said County, and Salaries to the Constables and other public Officers; ail which Roads and Bridges will most probably be accounted for at the ensuing Allizes, which begin the 23d Instant, and the Balance in the Treasurer's Hands applied to discharge the fame.

31. — County of SLIGO.

Treasurer's RETURN March i8or.

£ d.

Sum Levied Spring Assizes 1800 - -- - 3,384 18 3

Ditto presented at Summer Assizes, not yet Levied ..... 1,713 8 9

Balance in the Treasurer's Hand ..... - £.1,782. — 6£.

Jones Irwin,

Treasurer.

Vol. 5 6.

Appendix.

(No. 36 )

2 th May. 32. — County of

continued* TIPPERARY,

— to wit.

Levies in the Counties of Ireland — continued,.

PRESENTMENTS of the Grand Jury, Clonmell Spring and Summer Assizes 1800.

To Balance remaining in Treasurer's Hands, doling all Accounts up to Summer Assizes 1799 including - 1,042 1 6

Spring Assizes 1800.

To Amount of Presentments laid in on said County this Assizes being ----- - 22,105 *9 — i

*3.148 - 61

By Payments made out of the above Presentments Amount - - - £.18,267 6 4|

By Arrears due of High Constables the 1 ft Day of January 1801 - 3,838 12 8 22,105 19 — f

Balance in Treasurer's Hand? i,°4* i 6

Summer Assizes 1800.

To Amount Presentments Laid on said County this Assizes - 8 2

Given out Warrants to collect this Sum, which does not come to be accounted for until Summer Assizes 1801.

Clonmell, 1 oth Day of March 1801.

Aniu> Lane,

T reasr.

33. — County of T

TYRONE. J

Treasurer's RETURN March 1801.

Sum Levied at Spring Assizes 1800 ——

D° - - at Summer Assizes ——

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands ift January 1801 -

£ r. d.

6,928 14 6

7,845 10 11

£* 5>9l7*

Geo. Sinclair,

Treasr County Tyrone.

34; — County of WATERFORD.

J RETURN

made by Samuel Roberts, Treasurer of the County of Waterford, to the Imperial Parliament.

Presentments made for said County at Spring Assizes 1800, and received Presentments made for said County at Summer Assizes 1800, and not received Balance in Treasurer's Hands 1 ft January 1801 -

£- *. d.

4,939 9 8

4,897 1 6J

£. 2,898. 2. 8^;.

Waterford, 9th March 1801

Sam1 Roberts,

Treasr.

35. — County of the City of WATERFORD.

£ Sm d.

Amount of Presentments made by the Grand Jury of said City at Spring Assizes 1800 - - - 777 19 if

Amount of - D* - - - -- - at Summer D° 1800 - - - 572 — 4?

Balance in Treasurer's Hands 1 ft January 1801 - £. 586. 4. 3.

Treasurer's RETURN.

Waterford, March 9th 1801.

tfbo*

Treasurer.

Levies in the Counties of Ireland — continued.

36. — County of WESTMEAT H.

1

Trea hirer's RETURN March 1800: — I humbly certify

That there has been Levied of fuid County for the Prefenrments granted at Lent Adizes 1800, th Sum of ——

That the Sums granted at Summer Adizes 1800 (but which still remain to be Levied) amount to

Total for Spring and Summer AlTizes for the Year 1800

c * d.

6,44815 n} 2,790 10 8

£.9,259 6 7-<

Appendix. (No. 36.)

8 th M.

continued.

I also certify, That the full Babnce remaining in my Hands on the ill of January 1801, amounted to the Sum of

One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny. e

Note. — The Money granted at any AlTizes for this County is never Levied until the succeeding Adizes, at which it is paid to the Treasurer on the Second and Third Days thereof.

Given under my Hand this 4th Day of March i8or.

Tyrrell,

Treasr County Westmeath.

37. — County of I

V Treasurer's RETURN April 1801.

WEXFORD. 1 /.,

> £ s. d.

Sum Levied Spring Adizes 1800 - -- - 6.420 8 _

Ditto - - Summer Adizes 1800 - -- 2,057 4 7

Balance in the Treasurerb Hands id January 1801 - £. 1,674. 13. 3J

Will"1 Harvey,

Treasr.

! I, ABRAHAM CHRITCHLY, Treasurer of the County of Wicklow, do hereby certifyyThat the following Sums of MONEY were presented to be Levied at Spring and Summer Assizes in the said County for the Year 1800: Viz. —

£' d*

On the County at large, Spring Assizes 1800 - -- -- £. 733 14 — i

On the respt6V;ve Baronies in said County - 2,149 17 4}

----- ----- ----- -- 2,883 11 5$

County at large, Summer Adizes 1800 - -- 955 7 io|

On the respective Baronies 484 ti

----- ----- ----- --- i>439 x9 1

Total Amount presented Spring and Summer Assizes 1800- - - - £.4,313 ro 6£

Balance remaining in Treasurer's Hands on the ill January 1801 - £. 2,338. — iof

Which has arisen from the Impodibility of expending it, pursuant to Presentment, in consequence of the Rebellion, and the Murders and Robberies that have been recently committed in different Parts of the County.

March 10th, 1800.

Abram,

Treasr.

38. — County of

WICKLOW,

to wit.

You 56.

10 E

Appendix.

(No. 37.) 11 tb May*

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million Four Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted to His Majesty per Act 39-40 Geo. III. Cap. 109. To enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

To the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, as per Account of Particulars presented herewith -

To Thomas Macdonald, Esq. and others, Commissioners for carrying into Effect the Treaty of Amity with America, for their Salaries and Expences attending the Commission «.

£ ' d.

I>395>414 2 —

4.585 i3 —

1,400,000 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, nth May i8or.

N. Vanfutart.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of/., ,395,414. 2/. o//. being Part of the Sum of £.1,400,000 granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Measures, as the Exigency of Affairs may require: — Paid by the Right Honourable the Pay master General of His Majesty's Forces.

I. cI.

Remitted to Mr. Wickham, on Account of His Majesty's Service abroad ——

Remitted abroad to enable his Imperial Majesty to replace Magazines which have been taken by the Enemy -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Daniel Bayley, Esq. from Petersburgh, for Public Services -

To C. R. Broughton, Esq. for the Service of the Queen of Portugal.....£.116,293 13 4

To William Smith, Esq. Treasurer of the Ordnance, for Gunpowder delivered from the Ordnance

Stores, for the Service of Ditto - -- - 27,675 ——

To Joseph Radcmaker, Esq. for the Purchase of sundry Articles of Stores ----- 10,000 ——

200.000 -

150.000 — — 68,363 12 — -

153,968 13 4.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Jn° Erskine, Esq. Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for Public Services To D°, drawn by Geo. Warden, Esq. Deputy Commissary General in Portugal and the Mediterranean, for D*

To D°, drawn by Alexr Fernandes, Esq. Assistant Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for D° -

To D°, drawn by George Burgman, Assistant Commissary General in D*, for D* -....

To D°, drawn by Henry Motz, Commissary General in D#, for D# ——

To Henry Motz, Esq. Commissary General to the Forces under Sir Ralph Abercromby, for Contingent Expences To Dollars consigned to Mr. Commissary Motz, for Public Services

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Thornton and Power from Hamburgh, for Public Services

To D°, drawn by Alexr Cockburn, Esq. Consul at Hamburgh, for D* ——

To D°, drawn by General Thomas Trigge, for the Expences incident to Public Service within his Command To D % drawn by Colonel Ramsay, on Account of the Swiss Corps - -

82,841 19 r 1

114,500 ——

8^492 3 5

3MS0 7 4

31,410 ——

5,000 ——

20,000 ——

51,017 ——

6, Sio ——

250,000 ——

141,560 ——

c

If395>4*4 —

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 5th May 180 r.

Per George Craufurd,

Accomptant General.

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix

The PARTICULARS of the ACCOUNT of the EXPENCES of the Court of Exchequer, Court of Kino's Bench, and Court of Common Pleas in IRELAND, of which the Totals are expressed in the Abstract of the Receipts and HTues of the Treasury in Ireland.

Appendix. (No. 38.) l yb May.

E X C H E CLU E R:

Solicitor General -Summonifter and Clerk of the Estreats

Usher....

Attorney General -

Seneschal of His Majesty's Manors Second Chamberlain -Surveyor General -

Teller....

Keeper of the House of Receipt -

Prime Serjeant ——

Secretary to the Treasury Board -First Clerk to - D®

Second - - D®

Third - - - D®

Second Serjeant -

Solicitor in Criminal Causes -

Second Remembrancer -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Comptroller of the Pipe -

Escheator of Le'nfter - -

Transcriptor and Foreign Apofer

Clerk of the First Fruits and Twentieth Parts

Lords Commissioners of the Treasury

Clerks of the Pells....

Auditor General -Chief Chamberlain -Barons

Chief Remembrancer

Accountant General - -

Clerk of the Reports -

MaHhall of the Four Courts -

Chancellor Pursuivant

KIN G'S BENCH:

Chief Justice -Second D®

Third D®

Fourth D®

President at the Quarter Sessions

£ d. 342 13. 3» 65 17 9 24 a 6

322 2 i£

476 1 8

26 1 8

75° ——

1,610 ——

3 >5 —

277 11 6

1,000 ——

200 ——

150 ——

loo ——

37 *7 6

125 ——

39 16 8i 383 5 — 566 17 6 8 6 8 S3 15 — 48 8 si

7,182 ——

3,970 ——

1,245 ——

52 3 4

5,300 ——

7« !4 7\ 437 «° —

150 ——

376 9 4! 1,200 — — 39*10 —

26,635 19 71

2,300 ——

1,441 15 1

1,200 -

1,200 -

800 ——

£. 6,741 15 1

COMMON PLEAS:

Chief Justice -Second D®

Third D®

Fourth D®

Prothonotary

£ S333 «s —

Roden,

Aud. Gen*.

VOL. 56.

1.70° ——

1,200 ——

1,200 ——

1,200 ——

33 JS —

v^coQLe

Appendix. (N°. 39-)

14- A/rtV.

Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 2d Day of April iSco; — for An ACCOUNT of the several C H A R G E S upon thd FUND arising from the Duties of Four-and-an-Half per Centum in Ba rb adoes

and the Leeward Islands; together with the Dates of the different Charges.

DATES

of

GRANTS*

NAMES.

AMOUNT.

PENSIONS PAID

tid April - - 1799 9th July - - 1789

ift February 6th January -13th September 17th July - -26th December 23d June - -

4th March -ift January -

1797

1798

1799

1764 1788 17S8

10th September 1791

7th November 1787

5th November 1761

26th May - - >779

13th June - - 166;:

4th July - - *776

16th November >799

7th February 1798

4th October - >7^9

22d February >799

29th September 1798

2^d February 179S

16th July - - >79+

James Seton, Esq. -Mary Martin

Sarah Martin ——

Alice Martin -

Henry Selwyn, Esq. -James Crawford, Esq.

William Dowdeswell, Esq.

Lord Dunmore -Sir Home Popham, and after his Decease to his Wife Henry Ellis, Esq. -Henry Pelham, Esq.

Mary Elliott -

Charlotte Tod - -

Fredcfwed Savory -Francis Tucker -

Susannah Moncton -Counted of Chatham and John Earl of Chatham, ar.u the longer Liver of them; and to Tnc Right Honourable William Pitt, after the Death of the longer Liver of them -Earl of Kinnoul - -

Henry Strachey, Esq.

i!

15th April - - 1791

2 ill September

2zd July - -

3 id July - -

10th December

5th January -9th May - -

1775

1796

1786

1791

>797

I7#8

AT The

/ J.

800 ——

SO ——

50 — —

50 ——

400 ——

8> 5 ——

300 -

600 __ __

500 —

300 —

761 . —

100 —

30 —

40 —

30 — loo___

3 >oooo — __

1,coo _

5S7 -

EXCHEQUER:

governments

Governor of the Leeward Iflan3s

1>

D°

D°

J>

D°

D°

Bermuda -Tobago -Grenada -Dominica Bahama I Hands Barbadoes - -

Du - -

Lieutenant Governor of Dominica

D*

D3

D°

1>°

D*

Dc

Leeward Islands Nevis -Antigua St. km's Grenada Mor.derrat -

1,200 — ___

750 ——

1.300 -

1.364 —

1.300 —

400 ——

2,000 ——

400 — —

300 ——

200 ——

200 — — 200 — . —

600 __ __

200 — . __

AGENCIES

24th December 1774 Agent for Grenada ----- - 200

16th July - - 1791 - D° - - Turks ldand - 200

id December 178^ Chief Justice of Tortola - 250

6th November 1760 Surveyor General of the Revenues in America - 200

PENSIONS P . \ I D

7th December 1765 Sir Grey Cooper, Bart. - Sco

14th November 1774 Lord Auckland ----- - 400

23d Ju'y - - - 17S7 Thomas Wilson, Esq. 300

24th October - 1793 Executrix of the late Edmund Burke, Esq. - G34°

1 1 1- 0 1 1 1 1 O 0 1 1 1 1,160

4th July - - - 1796 Henry Strachey, FJq. - 70

2d December - - - John Uofier and Thomas Bernard, Esquires - - 600

20th October - 1797 Rev. William Gordon - 200

„ _ _ Mrs. Elizabeth Hamilton - 200

2id November - - Henry Cowper Esq. - - - GO 26

Ijth January - 1798 Margaret H^.nmond, Wife of George Hammond,

one of the Under Secretaries of State 615

20th June - - Mrs. Elizibeth Hamilton - IOO

2 lit His Grace the Duke of Portland and Lord Gren-

ville ----- --- 1,026

9th July - - - - William Selwyn, Esq. - 410

i6:h May - - 1700 Eliza Emily Hufki/Ton - 615

2o:h ----- - Walter Burrovves and Paul Patrick, Esqrs. - 500 .

2id June - - - Nicholas Van fit tart and E. G. Boldero, Esqrs. 4II.

6;h March - - iSco1 1 Lieutenant General George Hotham - - 3,228

j7th June - - - -I Lord Viscount Hood - 2,000 -

19th ----- - Mrs. Sophia Ricketts - 411 -

Lord Haw kdbury and Edward Watts, F.fq. IO3 I

10th October - - - W. P. Georges, Esq. - 200 -

8:h - - - Conntefs Dowager of Portarlington - 800 -

_ Mrs. Marian living ----- - 120 -

- ---D0--- - and William Collovv, Esq; - 80 -

7th February - j8oj Charles Long, Esq. ----- - Salaries to the Collectors and Comptrollers in those ]Bands where the Duties of 4^ per Cent, is 1,500 -

~ — collected ----- -- 1,623;

THE HUSBAND:

- And by Letters Patent, dated the 12th Day of November 1800, a like Pcnfjon of £.500 per Annum to Miss Elizabeth Cooper his Daughter, to take place from the Day of the Death of sir Grey Cooper.

- During the Lives of the Princess Amelia, Lord Viscount Alrhorpr, and William Cnvendish, Esq.

' - D° - - - of Lord Viscount Roy don and Auchitel Grey, Esq.

- In Trust for and during the Lives of T. T. Bernard and Margaret Bernard.

- D ' - - - and during the Lives of Mrs. P. Gordon, her Son William Gordon, and her Daughter M. Gordon.

- And after his Decease, £-513 per Annum to his Wife.

- To commence from the Decease of the said George Hammond.

In Trull for and during the Life of her Daughter M. A. P. Hamilton.

- - - D° - - and during the Life of Henry Fagel, Esq. and after his Decease to his Children; viz. J. Fagel; F. W. Fagel; A. M. Fagel; R. Fagel; C. A. Fagel; and W. H. Fagel.

- To commence from the Decease of William Hu/ki/Ton, Esq.

- In Trud for and during the Lives of Mary and Maria Hunn, and tl.c Survivor of them.

- D° - - and during the Life of C. M. Locke, Wife of Charles Locke, Esq.

3 4 - To pay certain Allowances to the late Servants of Their Royal High.

nelTcs the Dukes of Kent and Cumberland, Prince Frederick Augudus, and Prince Frederick Adolphus.

- And after his Decease, £. 2,500 per Annum ro his Wife; and after

her Decease, £. 1,500 per Annum to his Son. J

In Trud for and during the Life of Mil's llabella Ricketts.

-And after her Decease to her Four Daughters, Caroline Dawson; Louifi Dawson; Harriett Dawson; and Anna Maria Dawson; £. 200 per Annum each.

In Trud for Miss Lillias Catherine Marian Irving.

And after ids Decease, £. 750 per Annum to his Wife.

Whitehall,

Troafury Chambers, >4*h May 1801.

IV. Vmjiltart.

Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 2d Day of April 1801; — for An ACCOUNT of all PENSIONS granted since the id of January 1797, with the Names of the Persons to whom granted;

and the Amount of each.

*797-29th March. Ilth July. -19th. - -

2d September.

17th November.

1798.

13th January. 7th February, ad May.

20th March. 22d Augull. 16th October. 24th. - -

ad November, aiil December.

x799' ,

6th March.

3a April. 17th. - -

10th June. 24th July. 26th. - -

14th Augull. 2d Odlooer.

1800.

9th May. 21ft. - -

29th. - -

I ith June. 7iii October.

8th. - -

9th.

14th.

j6:h.

aotli.

24 tii.

1801.

19th January, lit February. 12th March.

Edgcombe, Peggy -

Erskine, Mary Henrietta ——

Hyde, Revd George Hooten, Continuation of a Grant from King William and Queen Mary to his Family;

for Services ——

Mordaunt, Lady Mary ——

Bulkeley, Lady Frances....

Ross, James Tyrrel ——

Mudge, Thomas ——

McLaine, Harriet Anne -

Davis, Mary ——

Lewhellin, Ann ——

Brooks, Lydia, Widow of the late Samuel Brooks, One of His Majesty's Messengers in Ordinary Woodford, Sir Ralph ——

Cathcart, Elizabeth, Baroness ——

Lempriere, John, and Elizabeth Badinell, his Wife, severally and successively -Roberts, David ——

Wilson, Dr. James ——

Cranflon, Henry, in Trust for James Lord CranHon.

Goddard, Charles, Esq. to be wholly or proportionably suspended agreeable to the Amount of any Office he may hold ——

Sutton, Thomas Manners, George Downing, and Matthew Beachcroft, in Trust, for Mary Anne Herries D° - . - - - - -- D* - in Trust, for Isabella Maria Herries

- - D° ----- DJ - -- D° - - in Trud, for Catharine Herries -

- - D° ----- D° - -- D* - - in Trud, for Julia Mary Herries -

Howell, Ann ——

Lloyd, Joyce, Widow ——

Jaidine, Joanna ——

Leslie, Lord ——

Byron, Catharine Gordon ——

Not:, Charlotte Georgina Auguda ——

Nott, Auguda -

14th.

1797*

14th September. 7th November.

iy9S.

Iith January.

8th August.

1799-

3d April.

Bearcroft, Clare St. George ——

Gower, Earl, and Archibald McDonald, in Trud for Gertrude Phillipine Kutzleben -Hejeford, Viscount and Viscountess, and the Survivor of them; and after their Decease, £.150 per Annum to each of their Six Chiidion ——

McLaine, Charles Anthony ——

D'ivernois, Sir F.ancis ——

Jardine, Chrilline ——

Livingston, Edmund ——

VTontford Thomas, Lord ——

Maliet du Fan, Frances ——

Maurice, Thomas, Clerk ——

Swinburne, Mary

Mundy, Revd Robert ——

Mordaunt, Lady Mary, additional Pension of ——

Mitchell, Revd William ——

Viliiars, Right Honourable John, and William Garrhdone, in Trud for Lady Louisa Paget -Fitzgerald, Lord Robert ——

Green, Elizabeth ——

Miller, Ann ——

Hewgill, Elizabeth ——

Pierson, Rev. Robert ——

Spiegel, Van de, Digna Johanna, and a'trr her Death to be equally divided among her Four Sons and Five Daughters, or such of them as shall survive her -

1800.

3d April.

1801. 14th March

CONTINGENT PENSIONS:

Wilmot, Sarah Ann, Wife of John Wilmot, Esq. to commence from the Death of the said John Wilmot -Hayter, Elizabeth, Wife of the Rev. John Haytc r, and to Sophia Hayter, their Daughter, respectively and successively, to commence from the Death of the said John Hayter ——

Hammond, George, Esq. late Minider Plenipotentiary to the United States of America, to commence when he shall cease to hold his present Office of Under Secretary of State, and not be in Possession of any other Office or Place of equal V f uc, or until determined by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual -Mayor, Mary, to commence from the Day of the Death of her Husband John Mayor -

Frafer, Charlotte Mary Ann, William John Theodore, Charles Henry, and Jane Wilhelmina Agnes, Children of Charles Henry Frafer, in equal Proportions, and to the Survivors or Survivor of them; to commence and take Efiedl from the Day of the Decease of the said Charles Henry Fraler -William HufuUon, Esq. /*. 1,200. per Annum, during Pieafure; to commence and take when he

shall cease to hold the Office of One of His Majesty's Undersecretaries of State, and not be in Possession

of ary other Office or Piace of equal Value.-N. B. This Pension was revoked, and another granted

for Life, to the like Amount, on the 14th March 1801. Vide *.

Gilbert Baron Minto, during Life; to commence from the Time lie shall cease to be His Mr.iefly's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Germany, but to be suspended when and and so long as he shall be and continue in Posscffion of any Office, Place, or Employment, of the Annual Value of /\ 2,000, and to be continued, on the Death of Lord Minto, to the Right Honourable $yl-yester Douglas, and Sir George Cornwall, during the Life, and in Trust for such Son of Lord Minto as shall succeed to the Title of Baron Minto

William HufkifTon, Esq. for Life, to commence when he ceases to hold the Office of Under Secretary of Sr te, but to be f ufpended when and so long as he shall be and continue in Poftession of any Office, Place, or Employment of the Annual Value of j£. 1,200. or upwards

196

400

5°

400 200 25 o

130

200

16

16

100

200

50O

200

60

25O

300

85O

3OO

1 JO

150

*5°

26

100

2 JO

500

3OO

150

IJO

20 O I30

9OO

*3° 20 o

125

5 CO

600

200

300

60

90

2C0

I3O

300

800

2CO

130

300

130

500

400

131

1,200

4OO

400

1,200

1,200

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

14th M

continued*

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 14th May 1801. J

N. Vavfittart.

Vol. 56.

IO F

Appendix

A. 18 o i.

Appendix, (No. 40.)

18/4 Alay %

ACCOUNTS respedbng the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, for

ending 5th January 1801*

the Year

{!.) — An ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Great Britain, for

Sixteen Years, ending the 5th January 1801; distinguishing each Year; and diflinguUThng the Value of Imports from the

East Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports: And distinguishing the Value of British Produce

.and Manufactures Exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles Exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of Britishi Produce and Manufactures Exported in the Year ending the $th

January 1801.

VALUE of IMPORTS from VALUE of EXPORTS.

YEARS. EAST IND1ES and CHINA. — S , All other Parts. ✓ \ BRITISH PRODUCE i and ' 1 MANUFACTURES. 1 FOREIGN ARTICLES.

1785 - - - ' £ s. 2,703,940 14 1 £ ' >3.575478 7 5 £. s. d. 11,081,810 16 5 £' s'd-S'°35*357 >7 >°

1786 * - - - 3,156,687 — 7 12,629,385 6 10 11,830,372 18 11 4475493 9 9

1787 - - - - 3,430,868 — 6 *+>373»>+6 15 7 12,053,900 3 5 4,815,889 6 6

1788 - - - - 3453.897 3 5 i4.S73'272 >7 >o 12,724,719 17 9 4.747,518 10 6

I?89 - - - 3,362,545 4 10 14458.557 5 9 I3>779»5°6 6 5,561,042 15 1

1790 - - - - 3,149,870 14 4 15,981,015 10 11 14,921,084 9 7 5>199>°37 7 7

1791 - - - - 3,698,713 13 — 15,971,069 — 7 16,810,018 16 4 5,921,976 10 11

1792 - - - - 2>7OI>5+7 9 4 16,957,810 17 3 18,336,851 6 11 6,568,346 16 6

>793 - - - - 3,499,023 12 10 15>757>693 16 10 13,892,268 17 7 6,497.9! 1 9 3

>79+ - - - - 4,458,475 1 5 17,830,418 19 — 16,725,402 16 2 10,022,680 12 8

>795 - - - 5,760,810 8 3 16,976,079 1 8 16,338,213 2 2 10,785,125 15 2

1796 - - - - 3,372,689 — 6 19,814,630 17 11 19,102,220 3 11 11,416,693 11 10

1797 - - - - 3.942,384 5 1 >7.°7i.57* »* + 16,903,103 6 1 12,013,907 2 —

1798 - - - - 7,626,930 6 9 20,230,959 i 11 19,672,503 — 9 !3,919,274 13 11

>799 - - - - 4,284,805 9 10 22,552,626 16 5 24,084,213 — 10 11,907,116 3 n

1800 - - - - m — 25,641,053 13 1 24,411,067 12 8 17,166,145 11 3

Inspector General's Office Cuitom House, London, 12th May 1801.

s

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

IN the Year 1697, certain Rates of Value were affixed to the several Articles Imported into and Exported from this Kingdom; and, consonant to these Estimates, the Ledgers of the Inspector General's Office are (till kept, and the Public Accounts are Bated accordingly.

By the Act of the 38th of His Majesty, commonly called The Convoy Act, the Merchants Exporters are required to declare the real Value of British Manufactures exported, in order that the Amount of the Duty chargeable thereon may be ascertained; but the Exports to Ireland, certain Articles used in the Fisheries, and Cotton Manufactures, of all Dcscriptions, being exempted from Payment of this Duty, and consequently from the Declaration of the Exporters, as to the Value, the inspector General therefore cannot make an Ojfiaal Return lo that Part of the Order of the

House, which requires the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value.

But assuming, that Articles exported to Ireland, or used in the Fisheries, may beeftimated at the same Rate of Value with Articles of a similar Nature exported to other Countries, and that an Eiti-mate which has with great Pains been formed of the true Value of Cofton Manufactures exported, iscorreft; the Inspector General thinks himself justified in Bating to Parliament, that the Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Br ita'in to all Parts, amounted, in the Year 1799, to 38,942,498, andin the Year i8co, to 39,471,203.

No Account can as yet be prepared of the Value of the lmj oits from India and China, for the Year ending the 5th January lall.

T

TraPb and Navicatiow of Great Britain —

(*.) — An ACCOUNT of thd Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonhage, which have been Annually Built and Registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1801.

Appendix, (No. 40,) 18 tb

continued.

TEARS. VESSELS. TONNAGE.

In the Year - - 1789 - - 827 71,090

1790 - - 725 68,695

1791 - - 766 68,940

1792 - - 821 78,120

1793 800 7S»°8S

1794 - - 7*4 66,021

1795 - - 7x9 72,181

1796 - - 8*3 94-971

1797 - - fJ6 86,242

1798 - - 833 8>3*9

17 99* 858 98,044

1800 - - 965 126,268

Copies of the Certificates of Registry granted in the respective Ports in the Plantations, not having been transmkted to this Office, from a considerable Number of those Ports, for the Year 1800, this Account is unavoidably defcdive as to the Amount of the Vessels that may have been built and Regillcred at such Ports within that Year.

June 9th, 1801.

7. Dailey,

Affid1 Register Gen1 of Shipping.

VOL, 56.

Appendix, (No. 4a)

1 ith M

continued.

Trad® and Nwioation of

(3.) — An ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Mem in each Year respe&hrely, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791* 1792, *79S» 1794» i79S> 1796, 1797, *798, 1795, and

1. *. 3*

On the 30th September 1789: On the 30th September 1790; On the 30th September 179s:

r A r > t

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. 1 Tons. Men.

England - - - 9>558 78,374 80,299 10,053 i,>34>53‘ 83.3*5 10,422 1,168,478 86,897

« — <* £ 1 80 5,81+ 575 84 5>9+* 590 8l 6, >4+ 649

Guernsey - - - 77 5,862 437 84 6,525 480 93 6,^29 482

Man ..... 66 *.>37 act 73 *.>53 276 84 2,895 371

Plantations - - 1,511 87,351 8,116 >,578 90,599 8,lo6 1,685 96-545 8,260

Scotland - - - *>938 >S>,*7° >3.043 2,007 >52,584 13,041 2,104 161,490 >3747

Ireland - - - 1,080 64,364 6,231 >,>36 68,483 6,738 M76 69,230 6,638

Total - - - I4*3*° >.395.17* 108,962 >5.0,5 1,460,823 1 >2.556 »/> VO 1 1,511,411 117,044

(continued) ----- - 7. 8. 9.

On the 30th September 1795 s On the 30th September 1796: On the 30th September 1797 s

t Ships. Tons. a Men. C Ships. Tons. Men. f Ships. Tons. Men.

England - - - 10,827 1,207,898 84,950 10,961 1,141,085 88,625 11,045 1,248,046 9*55*

Jersey ..... 73 5.) 26 496 79 5,200 648 62 4»3°9 5*5

Guernsey - - - 86 6,139 583 IOI 7>35° 586 84 6,370 54*

Man - - - - 219 5.046 >,023 214 4,864 I, C25 2l6 4,895 1,034

Plantations - - 2,411 148,840 >2,127 2,609 158,799 13,200 2,498; 160,989 14,218

Scotland - - - 2,013 142,624 11,690 2,025 145.42' 11 473 *>95° 137,206 11,450

Ireland - - - 1,099 58.778 5,598 1*078 56,579 5,402 1,048 53,i8> 5',04

Total - - - 16,728 I»574»45I 116,467 >7,067 1,519,298 120,979 16,903 - — 1,614 996 >24-59+

The Returns from many of the Ports in the Plantations being ur.received, and others which are is from that Cause unavoidably defective; but I conceive that the Defect is not equal to the Amount Ports in the British Empireare collected together, and checked by each other, some Alterations become Ports to which they did not formerly belong, without the Knowledge of the Oihcers at such rc(pe& to that Year,

849

41 Geo. III.

Appendix.

Great Britain — :mtinued.

t

and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th September 1800; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies.

Appendix* (No. 40.)

18 tb M

continued.

On the 30th September 1792: ' On the 30th September 1793s On the 30th SepWmber 1794 i

r Ships. Tons. r A Men. 'r Ship]. Ton 3. A Men* / Ships. Tons. a Men.

*°,633 I,l86,6l0 87,569 io»779 1,206,778 87>933 *0,957 1,221,579 87,256

91 6,851 728 92 6,787 1,080 96 5.97° 710

97 7>°50 5*3 89 7*42 661 9* 7,223 599

*77 4>477 866 177 4*77 810 211 4,880 983

*>745 103,316 8,389 1,889 111,204 9*49* 2,216 133479 u.204

2,143 162,274 13 >49* 2, z 2 2 160,642 13,080 2,069 I5M6> 11.603

1,193 69,567 . 6,730 1,181 67,790 6.437 1,166 65,162 6,274

16,079 i»S40*45 I 18,286 16,32 9 1,564,520 118,952 16,806 1 OO 1 >. 6\ 00 vr\ 119,629

10. 11. 12.

Oa the 30th September 1798: On the 30th September *799 5 On the 30th September 1800:

r Ships. Tons. -A Men. ( Ships. Tons. Men. l Ships. Tons. A Men.

*275 1,287,384 9S*3°3 n.487 1.337,181 99,309 12,189 1,463,398 104,926

59 4*7 649 61 4,611 694 49 4.065 537

78 6.116 S84 78 6,199 803 94 7.45* 888

218 4*923 984 227 5.i46 1,210 247 5*593 1,3*4

.2,654 172,481 14.S7* 2,996 201,743 15,982 3*009 202,183 16,476

i,976 *4*472 '1.935 2,031 148,1 IO 12,413 2,286 168,485 *4.4S3

1,025 49,988 4.9'9 999 49.8^5 4.83s *003 54,262 S*«S7

*7.295 i,666,4Si 129,546 i7»879 1,752,815 >35*37 18,877 1,905,438 143.662

received (landing in Need of Correction, that Part of this Account which relates to the Year 1800, of Shipping belonging to those Ports, because it always happens, that when the Returns from all the neccflhry in most of them, owing to the Circumstances [of Vessels being registered de novo at former Ports; I therefore do not presume to lay this Account before the House, at corrected with

y. Dailey,

June 9th, 1801. Aflitl1 Reg' Gen1 of Skips.

Vol. 5 6. 10 G %

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 th May. continued

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — continu'd.

(4.; — An ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in Navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Great Britain from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5.I1 of January 1801: — Distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the Lid Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies.

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES.

C British Colonies - -America-< % „

(United States

Africa ——

Azores - -

Barbary ——

Botany Bay - -

Bremen ——

British Fishery- -

Canaries n - - - - -Courland -

Cape de Verd - -

Denmark and Norway Dant2ic -

East Indies - -

Egypt.

France ——

Flanders -

Florida ——

Germany - -

Genoa ——

Guernsey, Jersey, Sec.

Greenland and Davis's Streights -

Hambro* -

Holland- ----- Honduras -

Ireland -

Italy -

Isle of Man -

Leghorn -

Livonia- - -

Madeira- -

Naples -

Nootka Sound.

Prussia Poland -Portugal

Russia

Spain -

Streights and Gibraltar

Sicly....

Southern Fishery - -

Sardinia.

S.vcden -

Tut key ——

Venice ——

West Indies (British) - .

Wdl Indies (Foreign) - -

Total -

1 In the Year i 7*9-

INWARDS. OUTV /'ARDS.

r \ r 1

BRITISH. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. , Men.

234 28,03; — i 90 — . 402 52,046 MM I 90

199 41.65s — I78 29,189 — 281 58,70 MM l6o 26,917

45 7,26^ — — — I 2 9.492

17 1,29c — 5 420 — s 1 59S,) 2 236

6 52C — — — — 12; 1,354 h

5 1,80c — — — — A t >,98c

10 1,043 — 11 2, C67 — li ! 2,32; 3 — 12 2>S57

41 1.31?

7 961 — — — t; 63«

10 2:57*1 — 4 1,279 — 1 i 62; 3

— - 2 ! 36. 5

J43 22,14; — 405 74,826 — ' 45-45: 3 ~ 133 2S.617

7 1,16c,) — 1 460 — ( > I,02<

36 27,69; — — — it 3 22,22; 3

w. d

L3S5 101,44c,) — 273 9.677 — 1,63c 5 *37>SV } — 25O 9,860 >

465 47.56; 67 8,56. 38: 1 41,96; 3 " 31 2,139 J?

3 44*; — — — — 1 1 30; 0 I —

.0

103 >S>27< > — 31 6,457 — 25f \ 39ocA ? — 36 7,000 eu

3 40 £ — — — \ 46: 1 O

337 19,38; 1 — 1 240 — 34h 1 18,04; 7 cu 0 >

146 42,463 1 — — — — 1 3j 1 3*>7S<,) s QJ,

28 4*13^ — — — 41 5>43‘ 1 — 2 605 O t-

792 102,627 231 i5,o$o — 1,095 >j,) — H2 10,828 4, -C —

45 10,598 — — — 16 >; 4>oS, s 0

j c:

2>3*9 176,56c,) — *4 I>7°4 — 4*^49 406,73^ 1 — 1 82 tn e

44 5,892 — 1 1 9S — 96 1 2j459 i — 1 190 3 O

114 4,686 — — — 127 5,07c cd u «-

27 4 604 — — — — 9 1,407 .3

47 9.861 — 1 259 —; 10 3,883 4J h.

Ir.du Jed in Poi rtugal. v3? c

*- 0

4 627 — 1 — — — 7 94 c 0

0 £

430 108,585 — 128 18,626 — 1 ICO 22,721 — 43 8,iS8 0 s

l7 z635 — 5 L740 — 7 773 — 1 320 0 -a

457 S4'893 — 7 S56 — l99 26,485 — 9 777

442 I 18,936 — 6 2,804 — 177 47,096 — 2 855

348 37> 963 — 39 3*357 — 203 21,441 — 35 3;«59

28 4,068 — — — — 52 7? 445

5 860

42 8,998 — — — — 45 9,605

168 27,109 — 5 846 — 80 11,826 — 1 480

27 4'336 — — — — 3- 6,077

3 370 — — — - j ij 1,366

524 129,472 — — — - 479 tz^, Soo

1 125 — 1 300 — ! 360

1,084 11, ,182,7 03 — I 1 ,415 7S>739 1 1,39+ 336,166 862 j ?9>9°°

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain. — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — continued.

Appendix*

(No. 40.)

In the Year 1790.

ENGLAND. INWARDS. OUTWARDS.

/ r

BRITISH. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

COUNTRIES.

Ships Tons. Men. Ships. Toni. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

r British Colonies - - >99 24,98 3 " — — — 362 44*55 /

t United States 269 56,01 5 — 226 42,065 — 189 40,768 201 36,918

Africa - -- -- - 46 6,67 8 — — — — 156 26,921

Azores - -- -- - 9 79 6 — 4 436 — — 796 4 436

Barbary - -- -- - 7 62 0 — — — — 12 i»37S 1

Botany Bay.

Bremen - -- -- - 11 »»*5 6 — 11 2,162 — *5 i*912 MM *7 2,572

British Fishery. 1

Canaries ----- -- 11 1,67 3 " — — — 7 945 )

Courland ----- -- 10 2,22 S — 1 4° — 6 825 r

Cape de Verd ----- - 3 30 2

Denmark and Norway - - - 164 *»>33 5 " 475 87,521 — 263 47,222 174 34,261

Dantzic ----- --- 34 7-94 2 — ‘ 25 7 58 — 12 2*47 ‘ — *7 4,184 o\

Bast Indies ----- -- 33 27,12 2 — — — 3i 26,401 N w

Egypt 1 *9 4 cS U >« -

France - -- -- - 1.198 82,581 j — 344 11,820 — 1,167 9'» 733 V 2S1 9,026 O 'S

Flanders ----- -- 3S6 36,88; 7 — 9 1,600 — 310 36,236 36 3.803 2 u

Florida - -- -- - 2 45* — 1 ICO — 3 5°7 .0 n a.

Germany ----- -- i5>54; 7 — 2 39 16,535 — 191 30,571 — 69 12,124 o> — I. 0

Genoa - -- -- - 2 24* — — — — 3 445 — 1 86 P-. 0

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - - - 321 17*212 I — — — — 327 17,251 > «u <3

Greenland and Davis's Streights - *3° 30,29c,) - 93 26,957 0

Hambro' ----- -- Inclu ded in Gei many. 0

Holland 803 107,807 491 32,182 — 879 121,158 , IS° ",55* 1

Honduras ----- -- 40 8,747 — — — 16 4,483 i: * c

Ireland - -- -- - 2,411 180,192 — *7 2,326 — 4*927 408,839 *- 3 V

Italy - -- -- - 43 5.*46 — ! 1 75 — 122 15,968 — *3 i,9i7 0$ 0

Isle of Man ----- -- 99 4,236 — i — — — 106 4,595 43 C! .#4

Leghorn ----- -- 37 5,896 — — — — 6 976 Tf ft/ w

Livonia - -- -- - 7* ,3>4*1 — — - — 21 4,410 <2 c

Madeira ----- -- Inclu ded in Por tugal. w O a

Naples - -- -- - — - 1 I- — — — 2 250 ft/ £

Nootka Sound. a c/

s

Pm IB a - -- -- - 556 >33.«46 — 35° 43.753 — 111 27,9*4 73 4,975 a/ £

Poland - -- -- - 28 4,030 — 10 3,244 — 4 577 — 1 320

Portugal ----- -- 47 2 CO — 5 474 — 208 28,952 — 10 1.935

RuiEa - -- -- - 547 132,448 — *4 4,462 — 217 55,91' — 12 *,343

Spain - -- -- - 262 30,869 — 50 4,683 — 150 19,59= 54 5.766

Streights and Gibraltar - - - 8 I,94S — — — — 5* 9,565 — 3 1,078

Sicily - -- -- - 35 5*°7J — — — — 5 777 — 2 260

Southern Fishery ----- 36 10,120 — — — — 33 7,262

Sardinia ----- -- 1 no

Sweden ----- --- 185 30*153 — 13 2»553 — 75 10,808 — 3 35'

Turkey - -- -- - 28 4*783 — — — — 22 4>r5° 2 37'

Venice - -- -- - 17 2,000 — — — — 9 1,110 -

West Indies (British) ..... 516 1 126,673 — 1 *5° — 438 110,312

West Indies (Foreign) - - - 1 224 — — — — 2 3*4

Total - - 9 ,077 i,i 96,039 — 2, ,287 21 63,439 C °>sss *235)H2 — 1,092 144,187

Vol. 56.

iS/b

continutd

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 th,

continued.

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.)Account of Vtffds Inwards and Outwards — r

In the Year 179 1.

✓ ENGLAND. ' INWARD s. OUTWARDS.

/ / "V

BRITISH. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

COUNTRIES.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

r British Colonies - -America - < 239 30>493 2,112 — — — 369 49.319 3*5*7

1 United States - - 201 44»725 *>359 297 58,886 3,059 192 43,508 2*349 272 52,603 *,832

Africa s6 8,991 877 — — — 191 32,590 4,0:9

Azores.

Barbary II 991 62 1 65 5 9 868 58

Botany Bay 2 812 64 — — — 10 4.377 374

Bremen - -- -- - Included in Germany.

British Fishery.

Canaries ----- -- 7 930 65 — — — A 520 1 3V )

Coarland. I

Cape de Verd.

Denmark and Norway - - - 224 32,181 1,684 542 95\328 5,276 25C > 48,392 2*43: J 192 38,970 2,033

Dantzic - -- -- - Incl uded in Po i^and.

East Indies - - - - 31 25.539 3,07? — — — I Z: ' 24,10$ i 2, S8.

Egypt 3 576 3 — — — l 543 ! 2; 7

France --- M3 9 100,439 9,869 402 *7*355 *539 j *>357 110,7845 . 8,68c,) 277 13,018 1,102

Flanders ----- -- 332 31.837 2,27c 7 277 21 3*5 > 33.763; 2,15^ > 55 5.706 355

Florida - -- -- - 3 258 23 — — — 11 *,8;c > 14* 1

Germany ----- -- 160 23,659 1,386 *79 21,200 935 3°7 r 46,971; 2,74c > 103 17,665 957

Genoa - -- -- - 3 307 21 — — — 5; 9<M ! 55

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - - 287 15,480 1,001 5 516 26 I 3*5,) *7-797 1,032;

Greenland and Davis's Streights - 92 27*534 3*645 — — — 91 1 27«59a 3-69S >

Jed in Ge? m my.

Holland - 779 109 282 5*8/7 5*4 32,282 */>37 8S£ i 127,55s; 6,541 1 143 10,-39 816

Honduras ----- -- 24 5>«58 262 — — — *S > 4,893 1 23i 1

Ireland - -- -- - *>*33 182,179 12,145 18 2*49 17S 5*03 ! 4C9>391 25 *176 )

Italy - - 5* 7«z7> 577 — — — 16c > 21,946 1 1,30^ > 2 199 16

Hie of Man ----- - 160 6,994 52c 1 — — 185; 6,941 60 c )

Leghorn ----- - - 28 4.874 274 — — xi ! 2,99c > 181

Livonia ----- -- Included in Russia.

Madeira ----- -- Included in Portugal.

Naples - ----- -- 11 *>592 87 — — 1 12 1 2,ic6 *27

Nootka Sound ----- - — — ! 1 - 3 54* 56

Prussia 535 9S ASS 4,969 363 45-774 ,368, 122 I 30,462 i*i94 *23 25,934 864

49 7*625 408 7 2,069 ! " *577 93 2 480 *9

Portugal ----- -- 5°9 64,500 3.814 8 860 6z\ ' 242 34.586! 2,215 *7 2*543 164

Russia ----- --- 655 167,745 6.989 >5 4.484 *93 236 60663 2,842 6 hS°S 63

Spain - -- -- - 288 32.465 1,936 54 5,629 395 233 28,29/ 1,883 39 3,800 29S

Streights and Gibraltar - - - l3 2,963 202 — — — 55 7,840 46-? 1 136 9

Sicily - -- -- - >9 2,915 iSS

Southern Fishery ----- 64 7.7«7 716 — — — 75 16,927 1,478

Sardinia ----- -- 1 150 8 j

Sweden 112 16,540 830 I05 *5*787 7*5 42 5 3*9 3* 4,753 z6j

Turkey 29 4»925 298 — — - 3^ 9,02;! 461

Venice 22 2,645 *53 — — - *3 *>94-I ic8:

West Indies (British) - 532 *29*557 8,481 — — " 459 114,142 7*°32

West Indies (Foreign) - - - >3 2,884 230 . 1 240 *J 4 55S| 34

Total - 9,224 1 ,2oo,i98j 77,513^ 2 !>5'8; 502,901 1 5.5 oj2| 1 1.3 93j>, ,333,o6| 86,567 1 ,263 1 78,051 9 ,83?

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — continued.

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES.

A:

British Colonies *

I United States

Africa

Azores

Barb lry -Botany Bay Bremen - - .

Britishi Fishery.

Canaries - -Courland - -Cape de Verd -

Denmark and Norway Damzie -

Ball Indies Egypt -

France -Flanders Florida -

In the Year 1792.

Germany - - - -Genoa - - - Guernsey, Jersey, &c.

Hambro*

Holland

Honduras

Ireland - -Italy - -

Isle of Man

Leghorn ——

Livonia -....

Madeira -

Naples ——

Nootka Sound.

Prussia -Poland -Portugal

Rutfia

Spain ——

Streights and Gibraltar - -

Sicily ——

Southern Fishery - -

Sardinia ——

Sweden ——

Turkey ——

Venice ——

West Indies (British) -

West Indies (Foreign) - -

Total - -

INWARDS. r — V- OUTWARDS.

/ r

British. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREICN.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships* Tom. Men. Ship*. Tonj. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

204 29,249 2,000 — — 347 4.8,087 3»524

I64 35*9*5 1,879 291 60,344 2>954 176 4*4$ 1 2,186 265 56,160 2,883

6j 9.692 884 — — 235 4°»479 5*012

>>S9fi 9S 8 853 61 S 436 3* 7 775 74

*33c & — — — *4 14,419 100

— — — — 3 1,132 83

1,558 95 M7° 128 *4 I>929 116 aS 3»°55 167

98S 54 — — 2 zbg 18

4.342 20; t 2 270 16 *3 1,809 201 2 216 17

66 S,) — — — 1 3° 5

25? 34*727 1,83c > 5f9 I 92,388 5»362 233 42,262 2,168 167 35>874 1.893

12,23$ 52f > 15 4*357 200 9 1,634 (8o 1 l4 3.909 180

21,56c 2,541 f — — — 33 27,645 3.356

584 26 — — 3 287 19

90,226 7*59° 330 12,36a G3°4 106,431 7*831 165 8,346 999

Q 0 'O 1 57*37° 4>°74 19 1,085 109 57* 61,175 4,050 4* 4 *0,a 288

1,084 66

15 e*.» vn 00 O 1,231 61 11,388 5°5 315 50,506 2,685 ^7 11,252 513

263 16 — — — 7 1,105 66 1 200 10

334 17.614 1,191 1 16 4 362 9*453 1,3*0

84 24,983 3,467 — — — 73 21,496 2.997

- Included in Germany.

1 115.658; 6,277 514 33>4i° 1,819 1,074 131,611 7,229 166 14,222 1,058

> 9,267 452 — — 18 4.706 240

199,764 12,298 !5 2,026 134 5,122 436,843 24o23 '

56 ' 7*479 > 465 — — l6S 22,751 1*341 *

6,412 542 — — 217 7,881 679

> 6,468 1 363 — — *5 3.022 170

8S t 16,976 > 8lC,) — — — 27 4*721 241

2 *7* *3 — . — 2 218 14

- 11 1,746 9° — — 5 1*315 75

S72 138,058 6,315 342 37*413 1 *647 102 24,509 1,148 79 16,469 747

27 4*329 231 8 2,265 93 '3 2,224 113 5 1,615 66 -

521 66,150 3>987 89 1,169 84 263 38,532 2,394 16 2,650 78

656 174.67c 7*981 3 661 3» 238 62,877 2,916 1 380 >5

348 40,84s 2,409 45 4.324 3*3 240 29,578 1,819 33 3*464 2S5

14 2,887 17* — — — 57 6*737 407

9! \ 1.297 69 — — — 2 292 17

5«j 1,053 — ~ — 42 9*544 816

1 ! 1 too 6

164 26,872 i*37° 133 21,031 1,262 58 7>°‘5 43c > 46 6,703 43»

36 7,204 3 99 — — — 45 11 > 185 S£ >

8 1,141 85 — — — 8 9S2 56 1

555 132,108 8,437 — — — 487 122,204 7,161

*4 3*S9S 203 — ~ — 4 425 6: j

*~r\ 00 O O 344*433 i >1,901 *,331 287,932 16,917 11,93 2 1,398,263 88,467 ' 1,101 169,302 9.776

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 tb

continued.

---- X'

VOL. 56.

io H

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 tb

conti*utd.

T.ade and Navigation of Great Britain-^) Account of Vessels Inward* and Outwards — ««»W

ENGLAND.

COU N TRIES.

{British Colonies United States

Africa - - - - -Azores ——

Barbary ——

Bremen ——

Botany Bay -

Cape de Verd -

Cape of Good Hope - -Canaries -

Con Hand -

Corsica.

Dantzic - -Denmark, See.

East Indies -Egypt.

France - -Flanders Florida - -

Germany ——

Genoa - -- -- -Gnernfey, Jersey, Sec. - - -Greenland and Davis's Streights -

Hambro* -....

Holland....

Honduras ——

Hudson's Bay.

Ireland....

lile of Man ——

Italy ——

Leghorn Livonia - -

Madeira

Naples -

Prussia -Poland -Portugal

Russia -

Sardinia.

Spain ——

St. Helena.

Streights and Gibraltar -Sweden ——

Southern Fishery - -

Sicily

Turkey ——

Venice -....

West Indies (British) -West Indies (Foreign) . - D° - (Conquered).

Total

In the Year 17 93.

INWARDS.

r

BRITISH.

FOREIGN.

OUTWARDS.

r

BRITISH.

Ships. Tom. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

>33 17,971 1,326 _ — 266 34.5*8 2,892

113 26,144 1,320 3U 65,852 3*79 27 7»°54 462 263 56,000 2>s75

67 12,33t 963 — — — 82 16,484 2*794 I 45 5

5 . 494 28 2 200 21 12 1,014 l8l 2 220 23

8 894 49 — — — 80 5

x4 >.697 98 3>°75 141 18 2,78a *So 17 2,760 130

2 827 48 — — — 4 1,287 j°5

— - 1 173 20

8 1,110 6S — — — 6 872 5* 1 310 16

28 5,884 262 — — 8 1.337 69 2 430 22

8S *7*547 764 32 9.538 387 10 1,367 86 6 1,720 77

IOI 12,048 647 625 109,960 6,370 150 31,173 1 *53 5 164 30,942 *759

31 25,900 3,203 — — — 48 39,529 4*926

Indue led in Tur key.

>54 >>,825 1,094 30 *>397 211 66 3.734 334 55 8,560 5°4

606 91,145 6,770 7 1,136 73 332 31,588 2,436 63 9,301 52*

3 496 31 2 435 23 3 6/5 47 1 *3° 7

166 25424 1,362 53 11,703 499 241 39«°95 2,093 74 ,4*I35 642

12 >.383 75 1 150 2C 5 859 69 1 16; *5

248 14.790 1,138 — — — 327 18,239 *385 1 178 *3

74 21,262 2,856 — — — 68 19,674 2,685

Inclu< ied in Get -many.

894 121,696 6,364 443 *8,556 *544 938 129,264 6,840 227 17,282 1*192

37 8,233 431 5 99 5 60

2,182 >79-374 10,344 - 33 5*477 5.3" 448,247 31,067

216 8,211 681 3 365 25 280 10,531 825

32 4,362 270 — — — 1 I 2 14.504 8 99 !3 1,630 114

34 5.473 29r. — — — 6 931 63 2 403 22

91 20,019 934 1 400 16 16 3,067 160 1 300 *7

*5 4,240 212 1 219 9 9 1,120 78 3 984 5a

6 848 46 — — — 6 998 58

578 122,162 5*736 265 32>76 2 1*459 129 29.470 1,438 57 13,718 5S8

33 4,708 *5 5 10 2,301 *15 12 2.034 108 4 9.8 46

281 35»9°3 2,194 29 3»135 221 158 21,630 1.485 25 4.535 225

589 156,256 6,725 2 324 22 *3° 35.101 1,658 5 1,038 52

2>7 25,763 1.558 52 6*593 456 136 >5.49* i,°35 37 6,123 370

4 755 4* — — — 32 4,197 257 2 403 *9

>>S 16,243 87O 164 26,901 i>s6i 5* 6,873 398 7.429 ' 445

53 11,64c > 884 — — 3* 8,487 77*

>5 1,828 i IO5

22 5,273 ! 25C — — — 8 2,071 *94

IO 1.24/ ' 67 r 2 360 26 1 114 7

595 140.355 > 8,96a — — 454 114,491 9*325

11 1.875 124 1 235 12 1 186 12

7.885 ! i»>6S>S35 > 69-538 2,086 312,050 16,712 19,508 (>101,326 79.064 1.075 110,121 9.77*

FOREIGN.

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix*

S5S

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — cotuinutd.

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES.

America

British Colonies -United States -

Africa -Azores -

Barbary - - - -Bremen - -

Botany Bay -

Cape dc Verd - -Cape of Good Hope. Canaries -

Courland - - -Corsica.

Dantzic ——

Denmark, dec. ——

Fall Indies ——

Egypt....

France ——

Flanders ——

Florida ——

Germany ....

Genoa ——

Guernsey, Jersey, Uc. - - -Greenland and Davis's Streights -

Hambro* ——

Holland....

Honduras ——

Hudson's Bay.

Ireland ....

I fle of Man -

Italy ——

Leghorn ——

Livonia ——

Madeira ——

Naples ——

Prussia....

Poland ——

Portugal ——

Russia - — —

Sardinia ——

Spain ——

St. Helena ——

Streights and Gibra'tar - -

Sweden ——

Scuthern Fishery - -

Sicily ——

Turkey ——

Venice ——

West Indies (British) -

West Indies (Foreign) - -- D° - - - (Conquered).

Total - -


In the Year 17 94.

I N W fi iRD S OUTWARD S.

( \ f A

B R IT I S ] J. F OREIGI B RITISf I. F( OREIGN.

Ship#. . Tons. Men. Ships. Toni. Men; Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. t Men.

>3* 17,12a 1,218 — 260 33.303 *,578 1 176 IO

10 1,929 121 231 50,588 2,389 44 9.672 640 299 64,093 3.306

18 3*4®1 326 — — — *5* *9.034 3,826 1 224 3*

*3 949 60 3 220 *9 8 556 41

6 56S 3* — — — 3 215 *5

*3 3,094 172 23 3-9*8 181 29 4.5* *45 5* 7.401 379

1 358 22 — — — 1 44* 4°

— - 1 *47 16

2 322 l6 — — 8 1,367 78

l6 3.633 166 — — — 11 2,017 104

S3 11,93* . S33 29 3*35 349 8 1,224 70 *4 3.125 180

I48 16,904 928 682 n3*777 6.535 *54 46.478 *»355 276 45.401 *.759

4' 34.37S 3.989 — — — 40 30,45* 3»496

Inciud ed in Turl :ejr.

2 169 7 3i 4*750 249 1 83 5 12 *»4*o 122

369 43.619 3,473 12 *>042 126 294 29,092 22,205 35 4,703 276

1 210 *5 - — — — 3 823 47

*73 28,838 >,535 55 7*403 39 282 45.6*9 2,441 61 8,629 455

3 330 >7 — — —,) *35 7

336 22,103 *,757 3 S83 25 45* *5*434 1,938 1 90 5

49 13.405 1,841 — — — 47 12,906 *,784

S° 8,444 428 S3 i2*457 504 93 >8*33 9*7 89 17.9*8 825

1,000 126,444 7.3*5 6c8 4*070 2,289 797 106,827 5,892 258 18,802 *»3*7

l7 4>°9I 208 — — — 3 880 3«

4,436 420,943 24,693 46 7,021 386 5,198 44*.>03 *4.435

226 8,460 662 1 80 8 302 11,858 906

28 3.3*' 208 — — — HO 13,807 808 3 457 26

27 4,665 297 — — — 22 3.942 *34

73 16,566 747 — — — 34 7.171 35°

8 2,276 *5* 1 130 10 16 3.263 202

10 1,500 78 — — — 4 629 36

417 92,701 4,246 322 35»710 1*619 *94 42,872 2,022 75 11,998 612

17 3,206 *59 11 2*934 146 *4 2,934 142 2 620 *7

314 04 OO O' 00 " 1 2,276 23 2,930 176 208 26,847 1.718 27 4.625 278

5*7 131.614 5,836 2 210 H 294 73,278 3.394 6 *.43* 72

1 95 S

237 28,853 *733 36 3*787 270 181 21,600 1.319 48 7,596 934

— - 1 ^34 IS

11 1,982 108 — — — 35 5,047 304 1 166 7

>44 22,376 1,160 *35 18,035 1,082 97 15.473 810 63 9,803 562

45 9,366 745 — — — 37 7*948 680 .

6 83c S3

35 7>7,6 381 1 200 *3 9 2,396 161

13 1,485 90 1 150 12 7 994 56

694 162,043 10,428 — — — 672 165,902 11,640

12 2.519 246 2 63O 3*

9.740 1,303,527 78,481 2,309 316,230 16,793 10,227 1,247,398 78,052 3*3 209,679 12,183

Appendte, (No. 40.)

i8/£ May.

continued.

VOL. 56

8SS

Appendix.

A, j 801.

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

1 1th

continual.

Trade atd Navicatxon of Great Britaik — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards —

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES.

America -

British Colonies

t United States

Africa

Azores

Barbary - -

Bremen - - *

Botany Bay -

Cape de Verd - -

Cape of Good Hope. Canaries -

Courland - -Corsica - -

Dantzic ——

Denmark, See. ——

East Indies ——

Egypt....

France ——

Flanders ——

Florida ——

Germany ——

Genoa ——

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. -

Greenland and Davis's Streights-

Hambro' ——

Holland....

Honduras ——

Hudson's Bay ——

Ireland ——

Jile of Man ——

Italy ——

Leghorn- ——

Livonia ——

t

Madeira ——

Naples ——

Prussia ——

Poland

Portugal ——

Russia ——

Sardinia -Spain -St. Helena.

Streights and Gibraltar Sweden -

Southern Fishery - -

Sicily -

Turkey -

V'enice -

West Indies (British) - -West Indies (Foreign)

- D° - - (Conquered.)

Total

In the Year i 795.

INWARD S. \ O U T W ARDS.

/ r

BRITISH. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREIG1 4,

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

l8z 25>457 '*551 — _ 234 3°>783 2, U3

12 t> 103 1 '9 367 74,222 3,682 IO 2,113 150 45O 9°>327 4*77*

*4 2,126 *91 3 430 31 101 18,234 2,268 I 370 2d

H 1,056 70 3 274 18 4 353 21 2 190 *3

4 399 24 — — — 7 839 5°

10 1,020 62 36 6,188 284 *3 3,005 *75 60 *0,330 549

— - 2 711 54

— - — — — 1 160 11

12 1,801 101 _ — 8 1:021 66 I 150 8

4 548 3° 2 370 *9 2 225 11 2 482 25

*9 5,809 329

67 14,320 &5 39 *o*353 477 30 7,08l 344 3* 8,244 408

46 5,562 3°4 55° 99,073 5>761 196 39>598 1,982 444 81,507 4>574

64 46,299 5,6'7 — — — 47 34>7 *9 4,014

Includ ed in Tur cey.

11 2,586 '35 188 19,401 *>293 7 627 4* 8f 5>977 504

— — — 64 71988 5°3 — — — *4 1,669 100

2 499 26 — — — 3 599 42 1 246 16

136 27,842 *539 66 9,112 48c ,63 25,830 1,396 163 1 24,634 1,320

— — — 1 *30 11

399 26,302 1,921 12 *>574 90 508 30,482 2.20J 2 '43 *3

37 10,185 *>376 — — — 34 9*35 1,249

82 14,278 645 156 31,899 1,436 69 *2,195 638 236 41.308 2,066

37 4,017 396 93 12,692 666 8 877 5' 21 3-77* aio

7 1,786 92 — — — 5 1,407 67

3 793 70 — — — 3 786 88

4,607 437,24' 25>4°5 73 10,154 539 5,*09 448,406 26,754 10 900 58

227 9,359 776 — — — 266 9>977 775

23 3,119 202 1 3*o 16 78 9*949 617 23 3*7 37 216

40 6,986 3 56 3 470 22 *4 2'453 *43 6 *75 S°

94 20,854 929 — — — 66 *4*957 706 2 490 *9

A 369 '9 1 118 9 1 113 8 16 5,859 4*4

5 605 3' — — — 6 841 53 2 334 *7

292 61,351 2,889 310 47>45° 2,267 *75 39*575 1,882 306 42,349 2,206

11 2,164 I05 5 13X89 60 16 3493 *75 1 265 12

320 44>274 2*497 35 4,100 262 *93 25^29 1-584 88 14,632 87Z

551 *35057 6,163 5 1,100 53 434 104,407 4,882 *4 3>5°2 l6l

411 25

*93 25,336 *>444 73 *0,459 678 110 12,298 763 66 9*491 592

8 1,870 109 — — — i 25 3445 201

75 10,261 546 *37 18,184 1,081 65 10,878 569 *9 *5*57 935

28 6,071 4 77 — — — 33 8,333 7Z5

4 503 29

7 1.227 69 1 200 *4 8 1,683 99

*5 *;/3° 94 4 700 53 2 226 14 6 1,012 68

585 I44'I9^ 8,145 — — — 409 I 12,057 7.953

22 3989 337 1 300 16 2 578 56 10 2,126 128

8,273 1,112,263 65,893 2,217 368,440 19,821 8476 1,030,058 64,982 2,180 370,238 20,356

s57

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards_continued

Appendix,

(No. 40-)

In the Year 1796.

ENGLAND. I N W A R D S. O U T W ARDS.

COUNTRIES. r BRITISH. F O R E I G 1 \ N. r — BRITISH. N FOREIGN.

Snips. Tons. Men. Shipr. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ship*.. T ons. Men.

r B'itifti Colonies - -America - < 136 *7»335 I 167 — — — 235 29,881 2,2 26

C United States - - 4 in 46 474 101,132 4,956. 9 1,512: 99 467 99 774 5-315

Africa 12 1,621 lift 4 G37* 64i 127 23,25, 3,i 6c 7 i ,00.? 75

Azores - -- -- - 6 4!4 27 5 433 29 7 587 4« I 5' 5

Barbary ----- --- >7 1.961 IOC 6 1,117 *5 9 994 6c 3 78c 4«

Bremen - -- -- - *3 1 656 96 69 9S9Z 45 18 2>797 5* 98 4 294 755

Botany Bay ----- -- 1 3'3 16 — - — — 4 1,487 1.9

Cape d Ve.-d - — 2 333 24 1 168 8

Cape of Good nope - - - - 6 2,194 — — — ‘4 7,020 59'

Canaries ----- -- IO 1.7° 93 — — — 7 1,156 61 4 670 3*

Couriaud ----- -- 5 2»/9A 4' 2 400 20 10 *>579 83

Corfiea - -- -- - 4 1,004 57 — — — 1 305 8

Danfzic - -- -- - 35 24.356 I , 1 ft 66 13,929 6501 37 4>877 23S 37 7>°44 397

Denmark, Scc. ----- - 97 3,37^ 708 757 I2C,4<?J 7,164 269 46,816 1 2»57 560 9',549 5-35°

Fall Indies ----- -- 5° 31». 62 5.982 3 1,266 172 78 59-45' 6 924

r-e/P1 Inclu ded in T* r:ey.

France - -- -- - 55 12, u 649 140 9'9°7 884 — — 122 8.974 782

Flanders ----- -- — — — 49 4.495 302 — — 22 1,876 130

Florida - - - 2 270 9 i 106 7 1 84 9 2 276 16

Germany ----- -- 220 40.770 2,039 148 15,660 502 229 3S»°43 1,871 >4* 18 939 1,084

Genoa - -- - - -- - — — — 1 140 18 — — — 1 I63 7

Guernsey, Jersey, See, - - - 504 37.749 2,589 12 1.173 & 63O 37,003 2,65? 1 46 4

Greenland and Davis's Streights - 43 IG9C: 1,634 — — — 42 11,516 1,598 0

Hambro* ----- -- 63 10,63k 540 190 32,229 *55^ 54 8,926 45* 260 39«C9S 2,076

Holland - -- -- - 1 62 9 1SI 10,908 712 1 22 4 82 5,376 395

Honduras ----- -- 9 *>977 10K 1 346 12 -

Hudson's Bay 3 794 88 — — — 3 7^ 84

Ireland - -- - - - 4.965 453772 26,888 44- 6,828 389; S >347 4^3*356 25.130

Me of Man ----- -- 247 I 9-«5« 794 — — — 301 12,122 981

Italy 25 3-‘87 2-C. 2 37° 20 32 4,193 274 42 8,4/1 469

Leghorn ----- -- 36 5-l67 27S 3 477 2)\ 10 1,81c 94 4 489 3‘

Livonia - -- -- - «3* 25,190 I,l68 1 i 1,721 42 9,951 456

Madeira- ----- -- 2 307 >9 1 400 I 3C 11 1,715 107 28 7,987 673

Naples - -- -- - 12 1 5*3 88 — — — 2 4»3 20 4 616 35

Prussia > ----- - 549 II7,1C6 5-385 1,023 93.8:9 4>72< 232 51,33? 2 +36 985 82,197 4'524

Poland - 5° 7,848 432 IS 3-78 16: 25 5>-S9 25- 1 So 7

Portugal ----- -- 223 29,070 >7H 26 2,762 2 c 2 *93 27'3'3 I.64: 105 17-293 l, COO

1'uflla ----- --- 774 9«-637 8,547 13 2,107 106 395 96,78: 4,4s» 55 9 395 483

Sardinia.

Spain ----- -- 74 10,094 59S 10S 13.956 969 40 4,; 9 301 110 5,227 1,05*

St. Helena.

Streights and Gibraltar - - - 3' 7*5 54 4C8 — — — 39 5?3CC 324 2 456 28

Sweden - -- -- - 118 16,645 912 2 j 2 27»73S 1,566 107 16,020 874 HS 17,216 1,101

Southern Fishery - - 24 5,60k 387 — — — 37 9°54 739

Sicily - -- -- - 25 4,216 228 4 83O 4°

Turkey - -- -- - 12 2763; 37 a 310 24 4 1,048 54 2 380 27

Venice - -- -- - 7 7/i 45 8 1,49° 108 — — — 12 2,181 165

West Indies (British) - - - 504 37,769 7.9M — — — 37* 95,976 6,699

West Indies (Foreign) - - - 26 4.996 535 — — — 2 216 2 V 10 2,270 129

- D° - (Conquered) - - 3 29,55? 1,978 12 2,458 142 125 26,383 1,93c 3 514 = 7

Total - - - 9.369 1,276,698 74, *94 3,563 483.143 26,670 9,103 1,108,25b 69,8 9 3,3 7 43„847 26,238

\ % th May,

continued.

VOL. 56*

IO I

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 tb

continued.

Appendix.

A. 1 Bo 1.

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain. — .(4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — f tr.'inu

ENGLAND.

In the Year 17 97.

INWARDS.

OUTWARDS.

COUNTRIES. BRITISH. \; FOREIGN. f BRITISH. FOREIGN. '

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Toni. Men. Ships. Tons. M-n.

r British Colonies - -America < .8S *9095 1,692 — - — 213 29,642 1,988

I United States - 9 1*870 11 1 370 81,578 3»98c 16 3,640 243 336 73*513 3,887

Africa - -- -- - 12 1.916 182 — — — I24 25,477 3»^53 8 1 »S 3 94

Azores 4 220 *7 8 2,4 12 9 547 49 2 *76 *4

Barbary ----- --- 5 576 3° — — — 3 283 18 4 654 42

Botany Bay ----- -- 1 296 >9 — — — 2 1,182 99

Bremen ----- --- 10 1.134 73 27 3»927 205 20 3*210 >70 55 7,021 369

Cape of Good Hope - - - - 6 2,809 216 — — — 7 2*073 206 1 440 35

Cape de Verd ----- - — — _ — — 1 294 * j 14.

Canaries ----- -- — — — 3 457 28 — — — 3 395 T a j.

Courland ----- -- 7 1,046 57 — — — 4 694 36 1 too 7 7

Corsica - - - 4 1,171 65

Dantzic - -- -- - 52 11,448 490 39 11,300 44c 9 1.74S 85 23 7 539 337

Denmark, &c. ----- - 9°. 7,510 690 557 94*1 *4 5,607 243 46,6:7 2.55s: 434 78,086 4*499

East Indies ----- -- 51 34*3^5 4,100 3 1,032 6- ! 53 42,876 4-834 1 294 20

France ----- --- — — 188 13,560 1,29 — — — 171 10,10- 990

Flanders - - 1 4C 3 74 6,146 397 — — — 33 2,692 >70

Florida.

Germany ----- -- 114 16,965 885 io3 9>5r;8 582 i67 26,381 "341 114 12,989 7$8

Genoa - -- -- - — — — 2 210 *5

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - - - 3^ 24,605 1,720 6 617 39 Si8 29,222 2,148 3 366 22

Greenland and Davis's Streights - 55 J5»527 2,183 — — — 5° 13»75 7 1,908

Hambro* ----- -- 73 12,287 596 *5* 26,661 1,264 88 *4»527 686 ► 249 37.667 U89O

Holland — — — 490 34»843 2>33* — — — 250 21,073 >*3*a

Honduras Bay ----- - 11 2*93-1 *5l 3 873 44

Hudson's Bay ----- - 3 78- 87 — — — 3 783 9C

Ireland - -- - - - 4,22c 396>745 24,833 33 5*256 289 4*641 423 747 23,204 2 160 13

Isle of Man ----- -- 217 8.03c 652 — — — 332 13610 999 1 429 18

Italy 6 827 5° 4 73° 50 — — — 41 6.855 434

Leghorn ----- -- — — — 7 1,168 57 — — — 6 927 62

Livonia 74 16,719 73° — — 32 6,734 32;

Madeira ----- --- 4 909 54 3 590 36 4 933 7~ 7 2,020 12 6

Minorca.

Naples - -- -- - 1 3*4 12 2 35° si — — 9 1,845 120

Nootka Sound.

Prussia - -- -- - 24a 54-348 2,452 745 76.495 3*79* 105 23,038 1,20; 935 83,068 4*772

Poland - -- -- - *4 2,482 124 3 643 2; 6 1,424 66 2 27O *4

Tortuga! ----- --- 257 39.462 2,34: 7.523 434 167 24,529 i,544 70 12,958 709

Russia ----- --- 483 125,408 5,366 5 693 4C 230 58,217 2619 JO 1,287 75

Ragusa.

Spain - -- -- - 5 558 34 165 22,521 1.258 2 no 9 30 4,460 262

Streights and Gibraltar - - - 25 5.277 272 1 161 10 23 3 64+ 2X6 4 852 4*

Sweden - -- -- - 55 8,758 439 *52 19,792 1^25 64 9 871 501 64 8,243 S>9

Southern Fishery - - - 35 8,910 642 — — — 23 6,885 596

Sardinia.

Sicily - -- -- - 9 2,189 99 6 8o> 53

Turkey - -- -- - 5 M44 56 7 1*17° 95 — — — 2 330 33

Venice - -- -- - 2 263 *3 3 67O 3" — — — 2 455 24

West Indies (British) - - - - 383 104,857 6,695 — — — 419 "7,549 8,432

- D° - (Conquered) - - - *9 + 48,293 3,240 7 *>594 «5 175 38-379 3.32*

West Indies (Foreign) - - - 11 ,858 196 7 G508 83 4 500 35 4 688 4>

Total - - - 7.323 993.950 61,669 3,238 426,810 23,637 7,756 971,596 63,254 2.878 379*775 21,764

1

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

8S9

Trade and Navigation of Great Brit a i n.-» (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — continued.

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES.

In the Year 1798.

inwards.

BRITISH.

America

Africa

Azores

f British Colonies - United Staes

Barbary - - - - -Botany Bay - - - - -Bremen ——

Cape of Good Hope - -

Cape de Verd.

Canaries -

Courland -

Corsica.

Dantzic - -Denmark, &c.

East Indies -

France >

Flanders

Florida.

Naples - -

Nootka Sound.

PruTia -

Poland

Portugal -

Russia -

Rag u fa -

Spain -

Streights and Gibraltar Sweden -

Southern Fishery - -

Sardinia -

Sicily -

Turkey -

Venice -

Ships.

18

H 11

7

27

2

T«iis.

*7>'35

4,08

1,813

1.017

750

4>°96

305'

Germany ....

Genoa....

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - - .

Greenland and Davis's Streight3

Hambro* -....

Holland - - - -Honduras Bay - -

Hudson's Bay -

Ireland ——

Isle of Man -

Italy ——

Leghorn -

Livonia ——

Madeira ——

Minorca.

I20

118

72

2

1

i63

377

60

191

2

2

3

4.069

202

2

8j

M;n.

FOREIGN.

Ships.

1,067 —

267 297

205! 4

62 n

>97

24

Tons.

I,l66 57

West Indies (British) -

- D° - (Conquered) - -

West Indies (Foreign) - -

Total -

22.850

11,74',

6j,88o

12; 29 I

23,662

26.053

17,1^9

35*349

136

573 77 394,126 8,68.

563

2C4 18 596

421

14c

12

84,800

16 2,83c

241 4* >464

593 146,850

— —

3 523

23 4-73°

74 10,936

18 4,48:

*5

57°

977

872

6,777

10

17

1*593

1,804

2,399

i,564

16

25

7*

22,240

651

5-

26 813

27

29

3*777

H3

2,271

6,33°

2

24S

548

34B

9

S9

67,687

430

1,466

S»3

1.910

Men.

OUTWARDS.

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

1 C/.6 May.-

continued.

\_.__________ v

BRITISH.

3*427

27\

78'

27

FOREIGN.

2$ 5/22

590 109,150

97

15

64

2

3

46

292

6,108

1,059

6,520

300

Soc

8.542

21,^07

457 128,275; 8,ic;

198 44,2^ > 3»>72

>4 3,o6; > 4°9

7» 70a i.i25,5i<,) 67,540

114I

252

6,083

562

75

388

>9

46

387

»372

18 3*57 166

10 1,856 97

13 2,225 128

2 186 !5'

5 610 45

975 92<93 5 4,613

1 120 10,

61 1 1 j OO 4:8;

107 17,206 929

1 80 7i

141 23,180 1,326

3 39O a4

16 2,468 M9

8 i>34° 8?

3 520 V- 26

1 200 10

2 522 25

2,831 385.972 20,962

ships. Tons. I Hen. J > hi p». Tons. I Hen.

205 27,286 1,980

29 6>439 477 296 ( 18999; 3>887

*76 39*310 6,223 7 755 53

»5 *»°37 89 8 979 60

5 508 35 1 340 16

2 825 5v

81 ,3»9I5 711 -7 2,807 160

8 2,263 >75 1 564 64

3 629 3'

26 5>236 2-.8 13 5-°24 >57

320 53.433 1 2,90e 456 77.773 4.370

43 35*543 3* 719

— — — 74 2,933 392

— amm 1 >5 4

276 47.793 2.437 67 8,204 493

552 35.1S& 2,30c 2 >75 >3

16,140 2,276

292 51,656 2,622 116 22,287 1,086

2 >74 IC 125 10,184 644

3 85O 9

ON IJ O 413,686 23.095 |

253 10,626 1 77^ 1 >95 1 12

l6 2.36; 5 13 2 5 *39

5 93: a 8 8 1:335 81

j 45 10.49 1 48,

7 9/< 7 1 11 2 632 212

1 3ci 7 1! 3 2 2S6 22

196 43 2S! K 2,03 1 1,041 98.14; 5.26t

»i 16 3-,641 6 17' 1 >7° lO

'j 2°9 30,87' 6 1,76 4 69 > - 944 7IO

! 4°3 1:2.74 c 4,62 5 11 ' 1,536 94

j — — — 1 iSO 11

;i 1 5 oj 4! 36 6,073 ' 3->D

'1 6.0571 41 3 2 228 45

>j 79 12,58.*! 639' 103 18.3^7 995

! 3 T 9.'4 3 77

4 ' — — 1 >32 8

7! 3 *»51 1 >-1 3 524 36

6 2 25 >5 3 ti 1 316 > >5

446 ' *=4-54 l-i 8.9; 74

0! 215 1 s°>6; >2 4.3* is

5 2 3' >8 19 2 49:; 29

O N 00 1 5 M63.S34|75.3 39| 2,500 345 * 33 > >9-435

Vol. c6.

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 tb May.

continutd

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain.-^-) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards-/,»W.

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES.

{British Colonies -

__ . 10

United States

Africa

Azores

Barbary Botany Bay Bremen - -

Cape of GoodHape - - -Cape de Verd -Canaries ——

CourJand ——

Corsica.

Dantzic ——

Denmark, See. -

East Indies ——

France -

Flanders

Florida.

Germany ——

Genoa ——

Guernsey* Jersey, &e. - -

Greenland and Davis's Streightj

Hambro' ——

Holland....

Honduras Bay ----- Hudson's Bay -

Ireland ——

file of Man- - - - - -Italy ——

Leghorn Livonia -

Madeira

Minorca

Naples - - -Nootka Sound.

Prussia

Poland - - - - -Portugal - -

Russia - - - - .

Ragusa.

Spain - -

Streights and Gibraltar Sweden - -

Southern Fishery -Sardinia.

Sicily -

Turkey -

Venice....

West Indies (British) - - -- D° - (Conquered) - -West Indies (Foreign) - -

Total -

In the Year 1799.

INWARD s. 0 U T W ARDS.

f rr A

BRITISH. foreign. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

*33 21,869 *.365 — — — 196 29,203 2, U3

27 6,641 484 316 69,866 4*02 43 11,401 885 332 74,186 5»236

H 2,003 228 I 120 10 ,8S 4*77® 6,225

6 348 28 5 537 35 11 939 73 4 478 30

4 465 26 1 5° 6 5 49 2 33 1 5° 5

— - 1 380 54

27 3.683 *94 35 4»489 229 38 5*74* 3*4 2) 2,652 *37

5 852 S7 — — — 10 3*332 244

— - 1 46 10

— — — 8 998 57 — — — 1 108 8

12 ‘>452 83 — — 3 412 26

88 I9,04S 829 97 19,629 892 4* ®>*55 38S 23 5,605 247

78 9>7*9 ' «53 740 134,266 7.481 277 51,561 2,721 627 117,602 6,220

52 38,7s1 4.599 3 *>3°5 111 46 43,049 5,126 3 903 93

2 228 *3 60 4,484 356 I — — 32 *>54® *99

" 9 518 36, 1 " 4 2*4 l7

118 15,9*9 *3*3 7* 7,2:8 436 169 28,609 1,501 102 v *3*99® 737

437 29,294 2*133 3 4 18 *9 632 40,780 2*97* 1 1 250 130 *5 11

61 17,608 2,511 — — — 57 16,731 2,305

220 38,306 1,886 53 12,646 552 *94 3*»363 1,7*8 77 *3*364 658

134 33>258 1,581 84 7,017 457 7 879 63 28 *>5a7 f3l

3 6lO 30 3 921 58 2 504 5*

3 785 86 — — — 3 85O 86

432,540 2,400 29 5,660 289 5*327 447,838 24,282

237 9>275 75° 1 100 8 271 10,202 810

3 417 66 7 922 .63 36 4.57- Sco 5 865 66

5 S63 73 12 *>9*3 111 7 I.MS 77 4 9*3 57

100 19,992 903 2 340 18 54 9.9*9 479 1 52 5

3 590 30 1 64 9! 5 677 44 10 *727 *3®

2 675 32 — — 211 5 781 92

— — " — 2 296 2 354 *5 1 213 16

364 74»938 3*4-5 5 656 83,041 3*783 224 43.702 2,152 525 68,467 3»'8*

34 5,784 302 5 890 4' 9 '.478 72 2 409 *9

320 49»567 2,72s 54 6,8 ji 386 161 24^94 *j4*9 75 *5 >7 5 3 ®57

532 122,332 5*49* 10 3.128 *52 308 71,860 3*45* *44 29,698 *45

— — *49 22,675 1.296 3 2/4 32 5* 10,130 55®

46 9*95 509 1 201 *5 52 8,328 55° 3 1,188 56

49 7*358 381 238 38.348 2.185 48 7.78 39* *35 24,678 1*356

25 6,862 497 — 26 7,485 673

iS 2,271 *43 *5 2,556 140 1 109 *5 1 229 ir

2 265 27 1 500 *4 6 1,624 ‘39 7 2*97 *77

1 248 24 5 750 45 3 394 34 4 872 86

6-4 165,623 10,647 — — — 489 140,476 *0,417

225 52,602 4,148 6 1,268 97 208 44,665 4,146 1 214 15

52 10,953 1 *394 5 1,042 81 $ 1,083 122 2 402 32

8,712 *213,244 73.701 2,688 435*037 23*^01 9*73 1.145.3*4 76,834 2,228 390,612 ,1,519

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — continutd.

ENGLAND.

Countries.

r Britishi Colonies -America-< , „

I United States -

Africa -....

Azores....

Bfrbary ——

Bouny Bay ——

Bremen ——

Cape of Good Hope - - -Cape de Verd - - - - -Canaries ——

Courland ——

Corsica.

Dantzic ——

Denmark, Scc. - -

East Indies ——

France ——

Flanders ——

Florida ——

Germany ——

Genoa.

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - -

Greenland and Davis's Streights

Hambro* ——

Holland....

Honduras Bay -

Hudson's Bay -

Ireland ——

Isle of Man ——

Italy....

Leghorn....

Livonia - ....

Madeira -....

Minorca ——

Naples -....

Nootka Sound -

Prussia ——

Poland....

Portugal ——

Russia....

Ragusa.

Spain ——

Streights and Gibraltar - -

Sweden ——

Southern Fishery - -

Sardinia.

Sicily ——

Turkey ——

Venice ——

West Indies (Britishi) - - .

" D° - (Conquered) - -West Indies (Foreign) - -

Total - -

VOL. 56.

In the Year i 800.

Ships.

47

44

9

6

33

3

112

*3*

62

111

446

S2

97

3

3

3

4.7*9

232

22

*9

Il8

«9

1

370

3'

*47

496

20

s1

*s

16

14

8

02

236

SI

8,571

I N W A R D S. a U , OUTWARDS.

\ f

BRITISH. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

Toni. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

26,446 I,6o6 — 223 33,262 2,483

10,893 643; 503 114,946 6,239 37 9.309 700 470 105,476 6,218

1,524 185,) — 158 38,966 5,211 2 431 4°

374 > 896 56 *3 1,624 121 10 1.374 75

407 *4 ! 3 317 21 1 150 7 2 270 17

— — — — — 3 2,008 16 3

4»2°3 227 90 12,363 597 42 6,717 368 97 I3*221 664

620 — — 10 2,290 ' 208

— - — 2 433 33

— — 26 3,928 232 — — — 4 810 45

970 58 3 370 2i 9 1,064. 63 1 80 6

21,773 987 111 21,342 974 17 2,656 137 31 8,637 412

15,611 1,126 862 148,464 8,154 262 45^50 2,505 802 145,995 7.63*

49635 $,880 2 1,018 "5 64 49,284 5.604 6 1,990 162

945 48 241 20,953 i, Si5 6 534 29 206 16.523 1,29*

— — 63 5.925 34° — — — 44 4,478 275

— — 2 399 30 — — 2 579 49

*4*323 832 277 29,399 1,633 220 32>5 97 1,815 292 37.735 ».953

39.070 2,457 11 1,396 80 586 38.65 5 2,676 2 276 «S

15,610 2,146 — — — 51 ij.077 2,080

30.853 1,566 *59 23795 1,152 225 35,699 1,902 *59 26,542 *»245

871 44 759 51.542 3.315 — — — 301 21,536 i»42$

662 35 1 168 8 3 843 67

770 87 — — — 4 881 142

442,667 14,907 47 7.746 424 5,710 498,395 26,178 3 157 is

9,106 681 1 7° 6 317 10,245 i.u8

4,202 445 8 1.719 115 4° 7,205 826 19 3.050 184

42705 290 8 1,496 87 16 2«452 17' 5 759 59

27,360 M94 8 1,590 71 «S 21,311 981 4 1,048 55

— — Inclu< Jed in Pori tugal.

S>'32 287 — — — 4 469 31 1 119 13

205 19 1 *5° 9 6 1,127 68 5 813 54

— — — 1 149 *5

82,50! 3,818 1,291 152,421 6,896 207 41,838 2,023 1,645 166,242 8,791

5,679 283 27 4.427 211 30 5»522 274 9 1,644 82

3S.fil S 1,967 70 8,219 45 2 196 30,029 1,809 126 23,464 i,377

117,849 5»287 47 11,524 546 512 132,037 6,048 I2J 24,848 1.125

74 3 9« 34,289 1,882 5 1,584 138 82 14,912 807

3.944 207 — — 3i 4,705 . 3»7 2,013 123

7,092 369 248 3 027 2,129 38 5 »7 74 283 177 27,980 i»533

7.087 525 — 24 6,382 612

3.390 182 >4 2,681 170 3 740 90 2 389 30

4-439 267 5 1,14s 1 10 6 2.456 146

1,166 103 6 1,388 n9 6 813 S6 6 1,064 69

148,302 9,l68 — — — 407 126,862 8.524

54>,05 4>040 7 1,081 66 *99 51,762 4,093 1 195 20

5»* 3S 5^ 3 503 28 — — — 5 657 47

1,205,567 62,676 5,010 704,697 37.803 9-777 1,269,329 80,112 4.658 654.713 35*933

Append!*, (No. 4c.) 18 th

cohtihued.

10 K


86z

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 th

Continued/.

T raoe

and Navigation- of Great Britain — (4.)Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards —

SCOTLAND.

COUNTRIES.

A . C British Colonies -Amenca.|UftitcdStates_ _

Courland.

Pantzic - -

Denmark, &c

France -Flanders«

Germany ——

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - -

Greenland and Davis's Streights

Holland -Honduras -

Jtaly - -Ireland -Hie of Man

Leghorn. Livonia -

In the Year 1789.

I N W A R D S.

Poland -

Portugal and Madeira

Prussia -

Russia....

Spain ——

Streights and Gibraltar - -Sicily.

Sweden ——

West Indies (British) # -

West Indies (Foreign)

Total

QUTWARDS.

AfT^- S British Colonies - -America- unite<i States - -

Courland.

Dantzic ——

Denmark, Sec. ——

France ——

Flanders ——

Germany ——

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. -

Greenland and Davis's Streights

Holland....

Honduras....

Italy ——

Ireland

Isle of Man ——

Leghorn.

Livonia.

Poland - -....

Portugal and Madeira - -

Prussia ——

Russia ——

Spain ——

Streights and Gibraltar -

Sicily.

Sweden ——

West Indies (British) - -

West indies (Foreign) -

Total -

/ BRITISH. FOREIGN, i " ' " BRITISH. S‘ \ F O R E I G'N.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

*9 54 2,760 33 5,089

9,116 *7 2,169 77 13,961 ✓ *4 2,030 o\

t-

6 563 . — — 5 669 — 1 35° <5 »

105 7*9 — 95 8,443 *45 *3,459 1 9 1,081 V A

38 3,365 — — — — 55 4.*74 O

10 899 — 1 120 "" 40 3,586 s a.

69 3 27 5,613 344 7,573 — 4 272 — 97 7 28 7,459 609 7,846 3 186 E 0 Ok u ►

128 *»25S — 5 253 — 101 10,488 tff* w

266 «£

14 1,805 27 1,989 93»329 921 — 1 *33 — 7 1,246 27 862 69,307 877 6 0 vS a 3

2 194 — — — — 1 106 w a

*9 38 >*79S 4,246 — — — — 5 16 484 l,46l -o £ a

168 27,903 — 2 287 — 28 4,308 2 150 0 a

IOI *3.733 — — — — 45 7, *34 5 *

29 3,921 2 260 — 20 1,792 a s

— — — - — 3 450 V B

b*

91 5-9 °S — — — — 60 4,88c

68 I2,8l6 — — — 67 12,366

— - 1 103

2,823 215,630 — 127 *>937 — 2,114 *7*47° — 29 3.797

In the Year 1790.

10 1,348 , - 31 4.854

43 8,182 20 3*69 56 10,209 *7 2,523 OH

— Included in Poland.

108 8,704 — 100 9*3 32 — 85 9*77 — *4 1,526 £

264

16 *,577 — 1 140 — 21 2,095 — 2 g

2 166 — — — — 3 196 5

6,630 0.

70 — 1 *24 — 102 9*353 5

— — — — — 1 102

22 5,898 — — — — 23 6»295 u ► 5

13 3 1I»287 — 4 316 — 92 9>3 49 — 1 186 0 £ £

1 159 — — 2 466 w 2

*3 2,021 — — — — 10 1,282 e 0

2,013 103,307 — 1 187 — *>a97 71,108 g

29 684 — — 11 4*9 5

V eS

34 3*3*8 — 2 403 — 2 200 — 2 118 0 £

33 lS5 3,561 32»311 — 1 4 44 440 — *7 35 2,024 7,026 — 1 1 7° 100 0; 3 0 c

160 21,006 — — — — 35 4*995 «, p *

15 1,484 — — — — 18 1,662 a V a

— — — — — 1 130 u 03

b»

I07 7,124 — — — — 79 6,889

68 13*246 — — — — 83 16,260

1 2 324

3-064 232>337 — *34 14,160 — 2,005 164,091 — 38 4,787

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

863

Trade and Navigation of Gee at Britain — {4.) Account of Vcfleb Inward* and OutwarJs

continued.

SCOT LAN D.

In the Year 1791.

COUNTRIES.

America - I Britiftt Colonies

( United States - -

Courland.

Dantzic -Denmark, &c.

France

Flanders

Germany ——

Guernsey, Jersey, &c. - -

Greenland and Davis's Streights

Holland....

Honduras ——

Italy - -Ireland -IHe of Man

Leghorn. Livonia -

Poland - - - -Portugal and Madeira Prussia - -

RufEa.

Spain ——

Streights and Gibraltar Sicily ——

Sweden -

West Indies (British) -West indies (Foreign).

Total -

America -Courland -

C British Colonies I United States -

Dantzic - -

Denmark, &c.

France

Flanders

Germany ——

Guernsey, Jerfcv, See. -

Greenland and Davis's Streights

Holland ——

Honduras ——

Italy -

Ireland ——

Isle of Man ——

Leghorn....

Livonia....

Poland

Portugal and Madeira - -

Prussia

Russia

Spain - - - - 7

Streights and Gibraltar Sicily.

Sweden

West Indies (British) - -

West Indies (Foreign) - -

Total ....

Vol. 56.

In the Year 1792-

>5 3<927 189

33 6,110 361

1 2*3 11

- —

170 14,978 913

11 1,202 69

I 75 6

8l 7,803 463

2 216 *5

18 4,900 680

I56 14*6*3 862

2 450 30

II 1,696 98

*75a 94*934 8,136

35 1,118 107

1 «S 7

— —

36 3,836 222

40 4,308 273

192 30,299 *57a

*54 25,006 i>327

28 3>502 209

112 7.473 504

93 16,252 1,106

1 196 9

>>945 243,212 «7»*69

22

M9

3*691

11,865

126

184

879

Included in Russia.

3

3

146

460

16,142

3*

1,102

INWARDS. outwards.

B R I T I S H. foreign. r BRITISH. F 0 R E I O ~ — \ N.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men*

O VO 3.696 8>377 — 21 3*367 — 30 61 6,449 11,820 — *9 3,203

... 1 - m Incli uded in Pol land. M CT\ r.

191 15,895 130 >3,047 — 112 10,628 — , 18 2^530 S

10 M84 — I >52 — IO 1,183 1 80 £ 0

3 291 — *7 1,589 0

92 8*375 — 1 So — 99 9,095 0

1 37 — — — — 4 258 I"

22 6,120 — — 23 6,308 O P*

118 11,269 — 5 37* — 69 / 7,819 _ 3 544 u 5

3 790 — X 225 e* t

*5 2,253 — — — * — 9 1.117 0 M

2,016 108,219 — — r- — *337 37,005 s 0

49 j,43° — 21 722 e

Inc luded in Ri jftia. 2 £

5

63 6,121 — — — — 6 745 a

44 4,848 — — — — *5 2,584 246 a u t

*97 25,040 — 9 1,103 — 36 5,906 1 OS .3

171 23,5! 2 — — — — 36 5*450 0 c 2 s a

24 2,579 — — — — 30 3,579

— — — — — 4 464 s

1 200 —

104 7*388 — 1 372 — 97 8*787

80 14*676 — — — — 94 >6*455 — 1 75

3,270 252,300 — 168 18,463 " 2,121 178,188 — 43 6,678

Appendix, (No. 40.) 18 ih.

continued

36 7,280 44* 158

47 9*5*2 577 20 3*54

1 78 7 «7

92 9,921 577 9 1,710

13 1*390 81 1 75 11

10 1,003 67

93 8,640 540

1 130 6

20 5*487 670

78 8,083 470 2 354 16

2 45* 32

6 805 40

1,232 7*»529 5*669

3* 960 97

3 22 260 18

2,267 >53 1 >79 11

22 3,958 212

44 7,226 355

22 2,020 130

2 222 *3

90 7»973 511 4 682 4*

92 16,281 1,088

>*959 165,476 »*754 37 6,254 3*5

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix,

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards — continued.

(No. 40.)

18 th May.

continued.

SCOTLAND. In the Year 1793.

INWARDS. OUTWARDS.

COUNTRIES. BRITISH. FOREIGN. t BRITISH. >v FOREIGN.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

America. 5 Bmift. Colonies - -( United States - - Azores. Africa - -- -- - s 17 I >.559 a»99* 75 110 180 8 29 5.639 29I 39 8 6,766 1,510 477 103 24 4.747 >28

Bremen.

Canaries.

Denmark, See. ----- - Dantzic - -- -- - 129 1 10,298 229 620 10 I29 13,262 9*9 68 6.527 383 9 1,186 74

France - -Flanders ----- -- 4 7 405 775 23 43 — — — 3 285 18

Germany - Guernsey, See. - - Greenland and Davis's Streights - 5* *4 5.008 3.8 >3 297 524 I 90 4 5* 1 *4 5,091 130 3.813 3*6 8 525 3 ♦S3 25

Holland - - - Hond ras ----- -- no 1 10,913 150 624 9 8 644 32 62 3 6,471 901 397 49 4 285 21

Ireland - -- -- - Italy Isle of Man - 1,248 10 37 74,980 1,693 982 6,057 70 99 1 no 10 1,182 6 11 72*°37 729 422 5*793 44 36

Prussia - -- -- -Poland - -- -- -Portugal and Madeira - - - i?7 12 *9 20,712 1.299 1,902 1,016 66 130 3 450 27 27 5 4 4-452 683 499 227 35 29 1 240 12

Russia - -- -- - *32 18,032 99s — — — 33 5,498 289

Spain - -- -- -Streights and Gibraltar - - -Sweden - -- -- - 16 70 *.939 5 *47 2 *4 356 1 130 8 5 4 59 522 , 375 6,180 32 29 365

West Indies (British) - - - -- D3 - (Conquered). West Indies (Foreign) - - - 77 1 13.95* 234 9>7 >7 82 15.985 *219

Total - - - 2,092 77 >4 > 3 12,298! ' 1 *72 20 325 1.291 1,667 138,876 *o»374 4* 6,91 I 360

In the Year 1794.

America-5 8rit'*(ii Colonies - -( Uniud States - -Azores - -- -- -Africa. 7 1 941 223 29 62 *3 4 9 2>°35 100 3* 7 5^421 *5 4 410 81 *3 *,899 13©

Bremen - — — 1 122 6

Canaries ----- -- - — 1 226 *3

Denmark, See. ----- - Dantzic ----- -- 63 2 4-6+4 358 296 *9 119 10,814 830 72 2 7,196 >47 435 12 27 *,781 *93

France. Flanders ----- -- - — 1 IOO 7

Germany ----- -- Guernsey, Sec. - - -Greenland and Davis's Streights - 3S 3 12 3,726 190 3*193 225 *5 3Sb — 68 3 *3 6,342 258 3,480 410 *4 466 2 1 3>o 3* 22 2

Holland - - - - -Honduras ----- -- 121 3 11,191 491 687 28 — — — 61 2 6,180 347 4*4 21

Ireland - -- -- -Italy ----- ---- Isle of Man ----- - 1,070 6 22 62,2*7 998 659 5*97 56 66 — *54 10 1 >021 8 20 61,567 1,032 4S2 4,990 57 49

Prussia - -- -- -Poland ----- --- Portugal and Madeira - - - IC4 22 3i 15.356 2,236 3 *145 789 126 2c8 5 580 34 3* 3 16 3,700 373 *.474 212 *9 108 1 1 1 >35 >35 150 6 6 9

Russia - -- -- - *93 20,849 1*247 3 4*200 845 97 10,592 655 1 2,000 55*

Spain - -- -- -Streights and Gibraltar - -Sweden 16 84 1.985 6,443 I 12 4*5 1 70 6 *3 2 106 *332 *77 9.835 85 12 615 2 447 *9

West Indies (British) - - - -- D° - - - (Conquered). West Indies (Foreign). 57 10,365 655 — 76 >3.457 1,002

Total ... 1 »®59 *49'259 10,606 *39 >7.975 U83I 1.657 >34,85* 10,087 49 8,888 937

Appendix,

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — (4.) Account of VeiTds Inwards and Outwards —

(No. 40.)

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

18 tb

ceutimutd.

Trace and Navigation of Great Britain — (4) Account of Vesstls Inwards and Outwards —

SCOTLAND. In the Ye.

INWARD S.

COUNTRIES. / BRITISH. FOREIGN

Ships. '1 on Men. Ships. Tors. Men.

f Biicifh Colonies - - 23 4,095 238 I 160 8

America - United States - - 6 92S 47 34 7>4*7 360

Canaries. 1

Courland.

Barbary - — j

Dantzic - ----- -- 5 lS8 |

Denmark, &c. 31 1,985 126 *39 12,816 1,004 |

Flanders — — 1 30 6;

France - -- -- - — — — 1 127 8 f

Germany ----- -- 47 5>* 3° 282 2 179 !

Gibraltar and Streights - |

Greenland and Davis's Streights - 10 2 6* j 362 — — 1

Guernsey, Jersey, Sec. - - - 2 *5° 10 1 63 41

Hambro* ----- -- 3 201 13 — "" i

Holland ----- --- 46 4 7°9 2511 1

Ireland - -- -- - *>57? 86,762 7,198 1 *45 *3 ‘

Isle of Man ----- - 13 4° 3 39 — 1 1

Italy. 1 I

Poland - -- -- - 43 5.641 293 2 210 t 11

Portugal and Madeira - - - 57 4,907 3°S — — 1

Prussia - -- -- - 82 I*>5°7 667 28 2.552 *47

Russia - -- -- - 122 17,168 923 — — —

Sicily.

Spain - -- -- - — — — 1 250 *4

Sweden - -- -- - 48 4 3IQ 273 2 70 6

West Indies (British) - - - - 38 7.48 3 4 87 _ _ —

- D® — (Conquered) - 11 ‘.795 129 1 140 10

- - D° - - (Foreign) - . - — —

Total - - 2,091 156,272 11,406 260 28,868 >.853

OUTWARDS.

BRITISH.

Ships. Tons. Men.

25 4,005 290

4 64! 4*

7* 8.77s 0 CO 1

52 5.C92 305

3 22 - *9

10 2,6.4 357

6 4O9 28

7 539 34

1,213 7* 9*3 5,784

9 344 32

1 102 7

18 2,000 138

26 3.783 218

63 9,128 493

57 5>9! 2 364

62 *3,239 1,138

20 3.400 294

1647 132,185 10,028

FOREIGN.

Ships, j Tons. Men.

28 5,362 269

- *45 *3

60 5,672 44S

8 635 46

2 *9: 14

3 631 28

4* 3»7*9 215

1 140' 10

*44 16,496 1,040

In the Year 1798.

America- j Colonies - -I umtvd States - - - 25 *3 4'*42 2,183 245 *43 24 5 >49 2 282 44 8 7.762 1,478 625 120 24 5*69 276

Canaries. Courland.

Barbary.

Dantzic ----- --- Denmark, &c. ----- - 3 40 261 3*642 18 201 187 21,885 *»542 3 89 281 10,843 20 597 92 12,202 827

Flanders France. — — — 1 80 5

Germany Gibraltar and Streights - - -Greenland and Davis's Streights -Guernsey, Jetfey, See. - - - 54 9 7 5>5°4 2,3*5 522 3*5 309 3* 3 *77 *3 77 6 10 8 7,803 509 2,614 606 452 40 357 38 4 *59 *9

Hambro' ----- -- Holland — — — 56 4,846 260 2 183 11

Ireland Isle of Man Italy. 1,141 *4 6M°9 *7* 5,231 3* — — — 1,294 13 77-53 436 5,960 39

Poland - - Portugal and Madeira - Prussia - - - _ 25 24 *3* 2,614 3*76 22,894 146 196 M15 6 929 48 8 20 27 970 2,756 4.546 5° 192 23* 32 2,487 136

Russia 229 31,308 1,698 2 494 21 112 16,272 888 3 47® 22

Sicily. Spain. Sweden 47 3-7*5 248 2 *53 11 49 4.634 301

West Indies (British) - . - . - - D° - - (Conquered) - - — D° — (Foreign). 55 18 10,566 2,996 765 *25 — — — 62 25 I2,9f9 3.852 1»143 363

Total - 1,835 163,628 10,917 281 34>°56 2,182 *,857 *55*617 *>433 *45 20,587 1,280

Trad* and Navigation of Great Britai(4.) Account of Vessels Inwards and Outwards-,

continued.

SCOTLAND.

COUNTRIES.

~ —

America - \ ponies

( United States -

Canaries....

Courland....

Barbary.

Dantzic ——

Denmark, Sec. -

Flanders.

France ....

Germany ——

Gibraltar and Streig'uts - -Greenland and Davis's Streights Guernsey, Jersey, Scc. - -

Hambro* - -....

Holland ——

Ireland ——

Me of Man ——

Italy - - -....

Poland ——

Portugal and Madeira -

Prussia ——

Russia....

Sicily ——

Spain ——

Sweden ——

West Indies (British) -

— D® - - (Conquered) - -

— D° - - (Foreign) -

Total - -

f British Colonies America - j Uoited Sutei.

Canaries.

Courland

Barbary*

Dantzic....

Denmark, Scc* -

Flanders.

France.

Germany- - - "

Gibraltar and Streights - -

Greenland and Davis's Streights Guernsey, Jersey, See, -

Hambro' - -....

Holland

Ireland ——

Isle of Man ——

Italy - -....

Poland -....

Portugal and Madeira -

Prussia

Russia - - -....

Sicily.

Spain - - " ' -

Sweden

West Indies (Britishi) -

- - D° - - (Conquered) - -

- - D° - - (Foreign)- - -

Total ——

June 9th 1801.

In the Year i

199-

I N w; A IRDi L ). OUTW ARD S.

r I RIT IS1 F OREIG r B RlTlbH. F I OR E I G N. A

Sh Tons. Men. Ship,. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men Mi'ps. T 'ns. Men;

33 S:38« 342 58 9,56 955 *

*5 3»‘5S 202 27 5*359 287 14 2,60Cj *45 22 4>497 250

— - - 1 168 6

2 273 >3 2 136 11

2 95 8 2 95 8

35 2.151 3i 24! 29,699 1,882 ! 51 5,169 308 M5 16,478 984

1 87 5

67 6.975 W OO O 1 54 5 63 5.s43 367 2 108 t

— - 1 57° >9

9 2*339 335 — — — IO 2.6 29 378

8 623 36 — — 8 639 34

4 278 21 1 65 5

— ifc A 21 1,682 100

1,079 63,290 4.720 — — — 79'924 5,905

21 5°5 55 — — — 18 53S 4«

— — — 9 946 77

20 2,264 1 *9 — 18 2,018 "3

54 7,190 421 3 208 *7 >9 2,484 158 7,685 98

112 ,7>434 909 20 2,615 H5 29 4,901 *44 14

*4* 2/»949. 1,581 1 111 6 ! 1 0 12,194 733 2 191 11

1 123 9 1 '

1 206 8 8 6S

60 4.778 307 7 940 5- j S3 OO O 291 '.035

59 21 13 '59 3^39 940 35' — - 77 29 17,061 5,008 00

1 *3' >5 1 440 18: m

1.845 161,925 1 !O,900 324 4 ^59 2 1 (ylZ 1 t57*237 11 ^$2 164 24,l62 I 42I

Appendix; (No. 40.) 18 th

continued.

In the Year i 800.

43 33 8,407 6,351 476 466 1 47 219 9,069 *7 . 508 5° 25 8,759 5.07 2 668 457 37 7*120 407

7 484 31 — — — 12 767 60

6 39 43° 3.085 32 204 264 3°^38S 1,840 5 81 3*9 9>275 *7 S'° "3 14,218 894

107 10,889 614 22 2,721 138 127 2 12,193 I 84 727 10 7 707 3®

10 >3 2,651 i»37° 378 75 — — — 10 8 2,652 786 379 53

20 1,609 102 1 73 54 6,467 362 2 200 12 12 1,910 99

1,121 65,954 4,956 a 229 16 1446 14 87,024 611 6,729 4' 1 68 £ +

19 448 5* 3 388 *5 2 216 '$

2 203 '5

179 '79 1,283 23 3-235 '75

27 23 169 3.J42 3,100 25,416 7* 7,026 355 7 69 754 10,755 S2 572 55 5,0*4 28I

152 18,255 1,036 — — — 96 11,87' 672

43 3.216 222 2 >9 246 2,114 18 120 24 66 2.3'4 14,921 139 1,406 8 1.075 59

65 14,*-3 i,o;8 — 21 3,85* 469

24 2 4>569 437 367 27

1,925 174.240 n-751 502 58,539 3.379 2,091 175,94* 13,183 *35 30,338 1 ',795 I

J. Dailey,

Assistant Register Geo. of Ship*.

VOL. 56,

D ized by

Appendix

u' j.

i Soi.

Appendix, — —

(No. 40.)

l8th KIay\ Supplementary Accounts respecting the Trade and Navigation of the British F-m nrf.

comi/iued.

An ACCOUNT of the Actual Value of all Foreign Produce Exported, and of all Produce Imported,

for the lad Two Years.

foreign PRODUCE EXPORTED. FOREIGN PRODUCE IMPORTED.

f" From East Indie* and China. All other Parts. TOTAL.

1799 - - 1800 - - - £ ' d 11.347.69z 15 5 16,339,640 13 — C- * *' 8,918,248 £ ' d 40,083.922 15 4 45-573>I38 S — £ ' d. 49.002,170 15 4

— The Amount of the Imports from the End Indies and China, for the Year 1800, cannot as yet be ascertained.

Inspector General's Office,' Cullom House, London, 24th June 1801

Office, 1 ndon, >

>! 3

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, that belonged to the several Port* of the British Empire, on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 17S3, 1784, 1785, 1786, 1787, and 17S8.

On the 5th January 1783: 1784: 1785:,) 1786: On the 30th September *787: 1 1788:

( Vessels. Tons, I,) Men. r 1 Vessels. 1 Tons. \ Men. 1 VeflTels. I Tons. Men. r Vessels. Tons. Men. ' r VcfTAs.,) Tons. T Men.: Vdleis. Tons. Men.

England - - - 6,877 389,078 5°>731 7,462 700,798 56,609 7,926 751,626 60,769 < 8,395 I ,800,268 I 163,860 1 I 1 1 8,711 934,829 (S IA O" t-. 9.3 5 s 1,055,299 79,859

Scotland - - - 1.465 80,134 8,273 1.649 92,349 9,271 11.827 107,980 10,603 1 »7 9 7 , 0I 120,658 10,975 1 *>720 135.045 I 1,220 ' 1,864 149,185 13,236

Ireland - I - j — — I, Ol6 60,777 6,055

Isles Guernsey, Jersey, 1

and Man - - - Acc ounts ar s wanting. - — j — . 1 2 2 t 13,801 *>335

British Colonies in Ame- j_ 1 j i

rica and the West Indies — — 1.368 84,426 7»44a

Total 8,342 669,212 59,004 9,111 793.147 65,880 9.753 L . J 850,606 71,372 1 10,192 920,926 74.835 ,10,411 1 1,087,874 i 1 Si,74J , ! 13,827 1,363,488 *07,925

Note. — The Accounts of the Vessels, &c. belonging to Ireland, and to the Colonies, were not returned to the Regider General of Shipping previously to the Year 1788, the Period when the Act of the 26th of the King, commonly called The Regider A&, took Effect.

fafpeftor General's Office, Cullom House, London, 24th June 1801.

William Irving,

Inspector Genera'.

J

Appendix

869

41 Geo. III.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of E X C H E QJJ E R BILLS, made out in pursuance of an Act passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand u Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred."

Appendix, (No. 41.) 19th Afay.

The Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Three Millions Five

Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, 1 Grosvenor Charles Bedford.

the 19th Day of May 1801. J

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of E X C H E QUE R BILLS, made out in pursuance of an Act passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, u for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred."

The Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act,

amount to the Sum of Three Millions.

Exchequer, the 19th Day of May 1801.

Grosvenor Charles Bedford>

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of E X C H E QJJ E R BILLS, made out in pursuance of an Act passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, €( An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions by Loans or fi Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred."

The Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act amount to the Sum of Three Millions.

Exchequer, the 19th Day of May

1801.]

Grosvenor Charles Bedford.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties on C A R D S and D I C E, for the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year.

CARDS. Giofi Money. DICE. Gross Money.

From August 1 797 to August 1798 ----- -- August 1798 to August 1799 ----- -- - - - January 5th i8co to January 5th 1801 ----- - £ *. d. >9-549 — 7 20,703' 21,163 £. /. df. 972 1,809 — — 2,655

£- 6M>5 — 7 5,436 — — —

Appendix, (No. 42.) 20th May.

Comptroller's Office, Stamps, May 16th 1801.

Ch' Stedman,

Depty Comptr

and Accomp1 Gen1,

VOL. 56.

10 M

Appendix

si. i8or

Appendix,

(No. 4a,)

20 lb

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the THREE-SHILLING DEED Duty, imposed in 1797, for the last Two Years.

Year ended Year ended

DUTIES. the the

5th January iSoo. 5th January 1S01.

Additional 3/. 1797 £. ,. J. 90,013' 13 — £. s. 97.7J9

Comptroller's Office, Stamps May 15th 1801.

Chs Stedman,

Dep*/ Comptr and Accomp1 Gen1.

N. B. — The Product of the above Duty for Three Years, commencing and ending the 5th January, cannot be accurately given, at previously to the Year 1799 the Annual Accounts of this Revenue were made up, agreeably to Act of Parliament, ftom August to AugulL

AMOUNT of the Stamp Duty on PROBATES, &c. for Three Years ending 5th January 1801.

PROBATES AN 0 LETTERS or ADMINISTRATION. STAMP DUTY. amount 1799. AMOUNT j 8 00. amount 1S 0 1.

£. J. £. 1. i. £. J. £. /.

For an Estate Value 20 and under £. 100 - IO — a.494 50 — 2,667 — — 3,396 — —

D° - D° - - 100 . - D° - - 300 - 2 IO — >M7S 11,257 10 — 12,100 — — .

..-Do.D0- - 300 - - D° - - 600 - 8 14,704 18,320 — — 20,728 —

D° - D°- - 600 - - D° - - 1,000 - 12 — — 16,51* 18,840 — — 21,516 —

--.-„D#-D*-- 1,000 - - D° - - 2,000 - 20 23,360 — — 27,360 — - — 29 9OO — — -

- - - . - D* - D° - - a,oooo - - D° - - 5,000 - 30 *9,580 — — 33,360 37,890 — —

- 5.000 - - D° - 10,000 - 45 J 8,675 19,890 — — 25.555

D° - D° - 10,000 and upward j - - 60 *5,500 — — 22,800 — — 27,720

- 142,000 10 — 154,494 10 — ,74.805

Comptroller's Office, Stamps, 1 Qfy ?ftdmany

May 16th 1801. J De^i CornpU

and Accomp* Gen1.

An A C COUNT of the Produce of the Duty on A LE LICENCES for Three Years, ending id August 1783;

distinguishing each Year.

YEARS. total.

C d.

1781 ----- -- 6 6,167 17 —

1782 64,022 14 —

783 - 64,278 18 —

Comptroller's Office, Stamps, 1 Ch' Stedman,

May 19th 1801. J Dep'rCnmpt*

ar.d Accomp* Gen1.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of PORTUGAL and MADEIRA WINES Imported into the several Ports'of

England, in the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800; distinguistring each Year.

1798. 1799. 1800.

( 1 / 1 r 4

Portugal. Madeira. Portuga'. Madeira. Portugal. Madeira.

Ton*. H. G. Tons. H. G. Tons. H. G. Tons. H. G. Tons. H. G. Tons. H. G.

Barnstaple - - - . — I 4

-i. 213

Bristol - - - 1,169 43 6 1 23 1,458 2 26 1! 318 1,667 43 62 3 39

Che Her - - - 47 — ss - 164 3 2 - 50 j 51

Chichester - - - - ~ # 1 — 32

Colchester - - - - 128 — 49 _ 293 — 21 - 112 1 27

Cowes - - - 6 2 46

Dartmouth - - - - 31 — H - 54 3 37 mm m 141 3 5*

Deal --- - *5 2 5> — 32 12 — 15 . - I 2 3

Dover - - - 133 2 18 - *45 — 34 " *47 3 *3

Exeter - - - 201 I 6l - 568 2 47 - 313 — 62 — i 44

Falmouth - - - - 44 — 59 . 67 3 41 67 — 25

Gloucester - - - - *07 2 51 - 248 11 - 222 1 39

--46

Hull i>937 1 43 m w m 2,809 I 28 38 3 31 1,636 2 5 73 3 18

Ipswich - - - 163 2 38 m 314 3 15 30 162 3 42

LancaHer - - - - 112 — 44 5 1 27 80 2 41 26 3 58 86 1 38 4 a 8

Liverpool - - - 1,397 1 26 100 2 J7 980 1 17 4* — 36 2,051 — 3 189 2 58

Lyme - - - - > — 211 - 4 — 29

Lynn - - - 378 1 28 - 1,065 1 57 - 430 39

Maldon - - 41 3 6 . 112 3 23 - 55 " 5*

Milford - - - - . X 17 2 24

Newcastle - - - - 3*4 — 44 - 540 I 7 - 189 2 6z I — S3

Newhaven - - 79 — 34 - 108 2 23 - 49 33

Plymouth - - - - 395 2 18 3 2 27 429 2 24 i 2 52 552 39 4 1 5

Poole - - 31 2 21 - 38 3 45

Portsmouth - - - - 407 2 47 . 454 — 29 - 338 1 48

Rochester - - - 183 — 62 2 — 28 219 1 21 3 49 63 1 62 50

Sandwich - - - — i 41

Southampton - - 535 — 42 - 866 1 58 58 654 I 28 — 44

Stockton - - - - 64 — 15 - 16 1 28 - 44

Sunderland - - - - 24 — II S3 2S 33

Swansey - - — 2 13

Truro - - - - 12 l6l . 3* 3 43 - 12 1 20

Wells - - - - . 16 3 37

Weymouth - - - - 38 2 60 - 63 1 4 — 2 48

Whitby - 16

— 45

Woodbridge - - - *5 3 38

Yarmouth - - - - 275 a 49 28 574 ~ 7 i 352 — 16

London - - - 7,470 3 61 525 2 47 10,663 — 40 528 1 30 9.6S8 1 34 603 1 45

Total I5»79I a 21 645 3 >7 22,519 3 17 652 2 49 19,323 2 42 943 — 37

Appendix, (No. 43.) lid M

Inspector General's Office, Custom House, London, 22d May 1801.

s

IV. Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Note. — Portugal and Madeira Wine imported for the Use of the Navy is not included in the above Account.

VOL. 56.

Appendix,

(No. 44.)

YJth May.

"s — , 1 An ACCOUNT, Shewing the Amount of the Monies which would have been applicable to the Expenses of Hu

of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty, from the 5th of January 1777 to said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained '.--- Shewing, also, the Amount of the Annuity received by His the Lid Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debts, and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said

CUSTOMS: Temporary Reven^j. E X C I S E: POST OFFi: Hereditary Revenue. 2E: 10,000 per Ann. pursuant to an Act of the jft Geo. 11. Sum brought to Account Anrual y, pursuant to Act 4th Geo. II. in lieu of the Flax Duty, repealed.

Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, by the 23d and 24th Charles II. Annual Sum to be raised to Hereditary Revenue, pursuant to an Act 9th Geo. 11. in lieu of Ducy on Low Wine, &c. Sum brought to Account from the Duty on Wine Licences, pursuant to Act 30th Geo. 11.

/. £ /. £ ' ' £ d. c £. s. £ ' <

177 7 328,542 4 9 271,119 *4 ix 70,000 7, C02 *4 3 101,594 6 4 i 120,000 — — 2,125 15 2

1778 289,477 3 4 280,927 18 70,000 — 7*002 *4 3 102,8-58 9 9 120,000 — 2,125 *5 2

*779 295,229 9 8 311,224 — 70,000 7,002 *4 3 100,009 5 10 120,000 — 2,125 15 2

1780 355*933 *9 10 313,038 12 3 1 70,000 — — 7, C02 *4 3 117»757 2 7 i 120,000 — 2,125 *5

1 >81 326,451 *5 3 301,143 9 70,000 — — 7,002 *4 3 80,925 4 *01 120,000 — — 2,125 15 2

1782 3oo,743 10 4 344,826 2 8 70,000 — 7,002 *4 3 123,225 1 *-; 120,000 — 2, I2J 15 2

>783 304*76i 3 4 270,701 12 5 70,000 — 7,002 *4 3 160,113 16 7i I 20,000 — — 2,125 15 2

1784 02 OJ 02 O O 18 2 321,819 7 4 70,000 7,002 *4 3 165,009 18 2 120,000 — 2,125 15 2

M CO w* 456*843 2 7 308,488 14 3 /0,000 — 7,002 4 3 159*575 *S 11 120,000 — 2,125 15 2

1786 422,609 4 9 296,900 6 70,000 — — 7,002 *4 3 *52,199 *4 n { 120,000 — 2,1 25 IJ 2

SI 00 SI 563,639 5 4 345-496 4 Si 70,000 7,002 *4 3 170,580 12 1 120,000 — 2,125 J5 2

1788 516,945 *7 8 308,670 7 11 70,000 — 7,002 *4 3 192,210 5 8 120,000 2,125 IJ 2

1789 590,238 *S 3 316,040 8 <4 70,000 — 7,002 *4 3 204.779 18 8 120,000 2.125 15 2

1790 646,493 *9 11 353>529 *3 70.CCO — — 7,002 *4 3 229 599 6 6J| 120,000 — 2,125 15 2

1791 57S-329 12 7 374.478 9 10 70,000 — — 7, C02 *4 3 240,599 *9 8 120,000 — — 2.125 15 2

1792 583>7,5 5 4 420,604 18 6 70,000 — — 7,002 *4 3 265,108 *5 i*l 120 000 — 2,125 15 2

*793 S29*759 12 1 4I2>745 12 61 70,000 7,002 *4 3 304,262 1 ioi 120,000 — — 2,125 >5 2

79+ 5*3.' x7 5 6 424,079 *7 9 70,000 — — 7,002 *4 3 283,097 7 i 120,000 — 2,125 *S 2

1795 522,706 1 11 377*2°3 *4 70,000 — — 7,002 *4 3 247,490 6 9l 120,000 — — 2,125 ij 2

1796 489.463 10 — 489,396 12 6 i 70,000 7*002 *4 3 *44 *56 — — 120,000 2,125 ij 2

797 4°3)7°3 — 1 495*54* 18 10 70,000 7 002 *4 3 *44.' 56 — — 120,000 — — 2,125 $ 2

1798 540,356 *7 11 5 l6,268 18 5 70,000 — — / >0C2 *4 3 244,156 — — _ 120,000 2,125 15 2

>799 824,582 *9 11 502,768 10 8 70,000 — — 7,002 H 3 244,156 — — 120,000 — *, I2J IJ *

OO O O

£ *o»7*4 944 *5; 6 8,357 Ol6 4 11 i 1 610,oco — 61,062 7 9 4377611 11 6i 2760,000 — — 48,892 8 10

t

The Sale Accounts of Importations from the East Indies r.o having been received by the Inspector General of

the Cufoms for the Year 180c, the General Account Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

for that Year cannot be completed. 27th May 1801.

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix

73

MAJESTY S CIVIL GOVERNMENT in ENGLAND, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues the 5tn of January 1P01, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the Majesty during the same Period in lieu of those Revenues; and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament during Account.

Sum brought to Account Annually, . pursuant to Act 12th Geo. II. in lieu of a Duty on certain Yarn imported from Ireland. Smaller Branches of the Hereditary Revenue. Total of His Majesty*s Temporary and Hereditary Revenue. AMOUNT of the Annuity received by His Majesty, and of the Monies granted by Parliament for the Discharge of the Civil List Debt, in the Years under mentioned:

( Annuity. Fees from Supprefled Offices. Grants to discharge Arrears of Civil List Debts. 1 TOTAL.

C /. d. /. d. S d. £ £- d- £. s. £. s. d.

2,388 4>> 134,801 12 6 >037.574 12 10 i 1777 900,000 618,340 9 61 1,518,340 9 61

2,388 4 n 158,512 15 f 1,033,283 — 8 i 1778 900,0C0 900,000 — —

2,388 4 *1 116,387 13 2 1,024,367 3 6i 1779 900,000 900,000 — —

2,388 4 11 90,556 17 101 1,078,803 6 >> I 1780 900,000 ... - - - 900,000 — —

2.38$ 4 11 90,060 17 9 r 1,009,098 1 !> 1 1781 900,000 900,000 —

2,388 4 11 64,542 IS i* 1,034,854 3 7 5 1782 900,000 900,000

2.388 4 11 57.785 3 9 994,878 9 Si 1783 900,000 900,000 — —

2,388 4 11 55*,6> 3 5 1 1,077,808 1 5 1 1784 900,000 1,800 — i — 60,000 — 961,800 — —

2,388 4 11 31,533 13 11; 1,157,958 1 1 2 1785 900,000 3,622 8 10 903*^22 8 10

2,388 4 11 33.817 12 I 1,107,043 13 8 1 1786 900,000 4,694 5 >°i 210,000 — — - 1,114,694 5 10 £

2,383 4 H 16,603 17 11 1,297,836 34 >1 1787 900,000 600 — — 900,600 — —

2,388 4 11 25,135 8 . 1 1 1 1,244.478 '3 8 1 1788 900; OOOO 3.315 — 903,315

2,388 4 11 23,420 3 2 >335.995 39 6 1 ? 89 900,000 3,76412 31 ..... 902,764 12 3*

2.388 4 11 18,332 8 2} 1,449,472 2 3 1790 900,000 3,460 2 8 903,460 3 8 1

2,388 4 11 37.273 — 6 1,429,197 16 11 1791 900,000 1,400 901,400

2,388 4 11 26,509 6 10 . '>497.455 — >«1 U92 9C0, CC0 7,881 16 9 1 907,881 16 91

2,388 4 11 16,719 15 5 1,465,003 16 2 1 *793 9co,coo 9j6 4 A ----- 900,936 2 4

2,388 4 11 30,568 9 21 >.452,57 9 14 9 1794 900,000 3,500 902,500 — —

2,338 4 *1 24,883 7 m, I / 4 >,373,800 4 ' °i *795 900,000 900,000 — —

2,388 4 11 10,924 12 3 >,455,457 9 ' i 1796 900,000 30,109 17 2 - - - - " 930.109 17 2

2,388 4 11 27,628 2 i >,372,546 !S 4 1797 900,000 38,675 1 2 938,675 I 2

2,388 4 11 51,179 11 xo ',553,478 2 6 1798 900,000 16,990 11 — 916,990 11 —

2,388 4 11 39,284 10 i 4 1,812,308 14 ill >799 900,000 28,025 7 5 928,025 7 5

1800

54.929 13 1 1,190,622 18 ioJ 29,275,0-0 — 61 - - 20,700,000 146775 5 71 888,340 9 61 21 735-"5 *5 1

Appendix, (No. 4+-) or}th May.

continued.

N. Varjlitart.

N. B — Exclusive of the Grants and Payments stated in

the above Account in Aid of the Income of the Civil List^ Sums have been transferred from the Per Centum

Revenue to tec Civil Lid Account, within this Period, to

► £ 172.000 — —

the Amount of -

t

1

1

1

I;

t

VOL. 56.

10 N

Appendix, (No. 45.)

1Ji June.

ACCOUNT of the Grants made by Parliament in Aid of the VETERINARY COLLEGE, during the

Years 179s* 1796, 1797, 1798* *799» and 1800.

Amount of Six Grants, f. 1,500 each f rees

Reduced by

£. s. d. 9,000 — — 938 io 8

Paid to sundry Tradesmen, and others ..... - - 4,358 12 4

Applied during Six Years in necessary Repairs and Improvements of the College Premises, and in Aid of

the Establishment..... 2,090 1 —

Balance, to be applied towards the Discharge of the Loan of £t 4,081 ^borrowed in the Year 1792, and for certain Additions to the College, Plans and Estimates of which have been obtained, but which have not been effected, on Account of the high Prices of Building Materials.....£ 1.612 16 —

£ ' d.

8,061 9 4

8,061 9 4

J. Butt.

REC EIPT and EXPENDITURE of the VETERINARY COLLEGE, for the Year ending 21st February 1801.

received.

By Subscriptions ——

Stable Accounts -

Forge Accounts -

Balance, by the Amount of which the Expenditure

has exceeded the Receipt - - - 75718

£ ' *

819 18 ---

- 1,581 17 4

II416 9

£ 3-273 13 9

PAID.

To Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and Insurance

Salaries ——

Stable Accounts, including Forage, Medicines, and the Weekly Wages of G 100ms -

Forge Accounts, including Materials, Coals, and the Weekly Wages of Smiths -

Incidental Expences not chargeable to any of the preceding Articles, as Advertisements, Stationary, Printing, Postage, Sec.

£. d 300 18 s£ 460 7 6

2,210 13 11 2SS 19 7

4S >4 3$

y. Butt.

ACCOUNT of the Debts of the VETERINARY COLLEGE.

Sundry Tradesmen, and others

Total of Debts, February 1795

Paid to sundry Tradesmen, and others ——

Saved by Composition with certain Creditors -

Balance to be applied io Discharge of the Loan of £.4,081. raised in 1792* for erecting Stables, and other Buildings of the College ——

Total of present Debts

7. Butt.

£.3.273 13 9

£ ' d. 4,081 £. J.

5.093 4 4 9>*74 4 4

4,358 12 4 l,l66 l8 O

1,612 l6 — 7.138 6 4.

- - £ 2,035 18 —

Appendix, (No. 46,) 2d June.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the Money, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings, and other Fish, at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom, has been disposed of.

1801. January 18th.

22d.

24th.

28th.

30th.

March 11 th. 14th. April 13th, May 29th.

To Bill drawn by Messrs. Ramsay, Williarnfon, and Co. of Leith, Agents for the Purchase of Herrings, for the Use of several Ports in England ——

To Fees on I flue of £. 4,000 at the Exchequer, to William Mitford, Esq. to enable him to answer fjch

Charges as may be incurred in this Service.....-

To Mr. Cosmo Gordon, employed in certain Enquiries into the State of the Fisheries in Scotland To Fees on further I flue of £. 4,000 to Mr. Mitford ——

To Bill drawn by Mcfl>3. Ramiay and Co. for the same Service -

To - D° - - D#.....D° - - -....

To Six Officers of the Customs, sent to several Ports to enquire into the State of Froviflons in the Neighbourhoods thereof: Viz.

To Mr. Swainfon ——

Mr. Tilllone ——

Mr. Cullen - - -.....- - -

Mr. Gibson ——

Mr. Bellamy.....- - - - .

Mr. Marshall ——

To Bill drawn by Messrs. Ramsay and Co. for the fam~ Service as their former Bills -

To Fees on further Issue of £. 2,000 to Mr Mitford ——

To Bill drawn by Mr. Cosmo Gordon on William Mitford, Esq. for hi; Expences.

To like Bill for same Service ....

To Messrs. Ramsay, Williarnfon, and Co. their Commission of £. 2. £ per Cent, on £.17,270. 1. I. the Amount of Purchases made by them - . - ~'-

Whiceliall, Treasury Chambers, 1 ill Juno 1S01. j

Remains to be applied

N.

£ £ 3,000 — —

I09 2 —

ICO I O

100 7 — 2,000 — — 2,000 — —

1 70 CO

it; ——

88 ——

114 10 —

u9 5 —

97 —

202 it> —

50 7 —

too — — 100 — —

434 5 —

8,841 18 S

41,158 1 7

v>

A further ACCOUNT of MONIES advanced for Public Servxcej from the Civil List, pursuant co AddrdTes, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced ,* and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

Henry Thornton, Esquire, for the Relief of the Poor of the Tarifties of St. Matthew Bethnal Green, Mile End New Town, and Christ Church Spital Fields ——

Luke Hansard, Esquire, for Printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, for the House of Commons -

Exchequer, the 3d Day of June .801

James

£ ' J-

9>°9* ——

1,800 II 10

10,891 II IO

Appendix, (No. 48.) 3d June.

An ACCOUNT of MONIES remaining in the Exchequer, of Contribution's to Lotteries, granted prior to the

Year 1799; distinguishing each Year.

The Amount of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, of Contributions to Lottery, granted for the Year 1789

D° - -- - - -.....1790

n*....., - *79*

D® ----- -.....*79*

.....- *793

D®.....*794

-.....I79S

D* - - - - 1796

D®.....1797

D® - 1798

exchequer, the 3d Day of June i8ot

1

James Fisher.

m 433 *

m *»*55 »* 9l

4,°3* 5i

- 3*» 9 3*

- 507 7 ii

- 435 *4 6

V- 445 >of

- 466 10 8|

- 17* 8 —

205 7 ij

An Act COUNT of the MON IBS reserved for particular Services, which have remained in the Exchequer Gnce the lothDay of May 1787, and which have not been called for'; distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are reserved.

Exchequer, 7

the 3d Day of June 1801. 3

L 1. J.

Profers before 8th March, A® 1701 — 4 —

D° - - 1 ft August - 1714 4 *3 4

Rent of Savoy Lands - 54 5 9

Seizures - a 15 5

Loans on 31st 4/. Aid - *759 1,47* *9 s\

Salt before ----- 1753 102 l6 IO

Letter Money before - - 1760 ll6 II

Duty on Pepper ----- - 228 13 6|

D° - Soap, General Fund - 2,°99 — 5 \

C 4,080 11 6|

Reserved for King William's Debts.

- - for Queen Anne's Debts,

- - - for King William's Debts.

- for Queen Anne's Debts.

- - - for the late African Com- 7 £ /*

piny's Creditors - - -J^ 10

- for Georgia Bills, ReGdue I Q,

o(£. *5*496- *9'- 9z J57 7 7l

- - - for Annuities, &c.

- - - for the late King's Government.

/- - - for Annuities and other Charges remaining unfatis&ed

1 upon Aggregate, General, and Sinking Fund.


£ i,47* *o 5s

James

Vol. 56.

10 N 3

-by i

Appendix,

(No. 49.)

3d June.

N* 1.

ESTIMATE of the Sum that will probably be required in the Year 1801, on Account of the Purchase of Land, and the Conllruction of Buildings, for a Royal Military College.

For the Purchase of Land, and the Construction of Buildings, for a Royal Military College;

upon Account ..... £* 30,000.

War Office, 7 2d June 1S01, 3

C. Torke.'

1

1

II

1 >

t

1

in the Service; and Fifty, the Sons of Officers who have died or been disabledin the Service, and are left in pecuniary Distress.

PROPOSAL for the Establishment of A Military College.

THE Necessity of an Establishment for the Indru&ioQ of Officers of the Army, in the higher Duties of their Profession, and of giving to those intended for the Service, such an Education as may best prepare them for the fame, having become evident, sundry Papers have been submitted from Time to Time to those Officers most competent to judge of the Merits of such a Measure, and of the belt Means of carrying it into Effect.

After due Deliberation, and reducing the same to a System, in its Outlet futhciently extensive, confident with the (Economy necessary to be observed, the following Outline of a Plan is submitted to Consideration, proposing to found in this Country an Establishment for the Purpose of Military Indruction: —

The Establishment of a Military College, to consist of — a Senior, and, a Junior Department.

in the Senior Department, shall be admitted Thirty Officers, to be instructed in the Duties of the General Staff of the Army, and in particular those which belong to the Quarter Mailer General in the Field.

The Staff of this Department is contained in Schedule, (No. 1.)

It is proposed that this Edablidiment shall be governed, as a Military Body, according to His Majesty's Rules and Regulations for the Discipline of the Service, with such additional Restrictions at may be necessary to the Conduct of Youth, and the Objects of the Iaftitution.

The Commander in Chief for the Time being, will be Chief Governor of the Military College; under whose Control the Eda-blishment will be placed.

Each Department will be under the Command of Officers of Rank in the Army, who wiM be responsible to the Resident Lieutenant Governor for the Discipline, the Conduct of the Studies, together with the interior Care and (Economy of their respective Departments.

All Elementary Tuition will be conduced by Professors and Maders, subject to the Control of a Director of IndruClion.

Public Examinations will be held of the Progress made by Students in their Studies.

A Board composed of the Senior Officers of the College will hold the Examinations, investigate the Accounts, and transact such other Business belonging to the Inditution, as shall by the Statutes of the College be placed under its Cognizance.

The Junior Department, to be for the Instruction of those who are from early Life intended for a Military Profession, and who will by this Moans be well grounded in a Knowledge of Science, previous to their attaining the Age that enables them to hold Com. millions in the Army.

This Department is proposed to receive Three Hundred Students, from the Ages of Fourteen to Sixteen; of which Number, Fifty may be Cadets of the East India Company's Service; One Hundred, the Sons of Noblemen and Gentlemen, who roa intend them for the Service; One Hundred, the Sons of Officers attually

The Collegiate Board shall report their Proceedings to the Chief Governor, who will lay the same Annually before a Supreme Board, composed cf such*Generais, and other Persons, as His Majesty may think proper to nominate.

The Staff of this Department is contained in Schedule, (No. 2.)

The General Staff of the Military College is contained in Schedule, (No. 3.)

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

Appendix (No. 47.)

ACCOUNT

OF T H M

PUBLIC INCOME of GREAT BRITAIN,

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 5TH JANUARY t8oi;

&C. &c.

10 N a

Appendix.

A. 1801

and EXTRAORDINARY RESOURCES Constituting the PUBLIC INCOME of entum for collecting the same j-^-and, the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Grofc Receipt on also the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of h January 1800 and 1801, respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of the

OSS RECEIPT. drawbacks, discoun ts, c Paid out of the G F IHARGES of MANAGEMENT, 8cc. LOSS REVENUE: %

eceipt 'a ear. i TOTAL receipt to be Accounted for. RATE Per Centum for which the GROSS REVENUE was ColleQed. Re-payment* on Over Entries, Allowances, Dif-counts, Drawbacks, and Bounties of the Nature of Drawbacks 3 Difference of Exchange between Edinburgh and Londonj Annually to the Two Universities on Account of Almanacks, and for Paper and Parchment to damp on. Packet Establifitment with £.4,000 allowed to Ireland in lieu of Packet Postage; likewise Irish Pjftage, icceived in Great Britain, and placed to the Debit of this Kingdom. CHARGES of MANAGEMENT.,) TOTAL PAYMENTS oat of the GROSS REVEN UE. NET PRODUCE Applicable to National Objects, and to Payments into the Exchequer. 1 1

9 °l " -u ‘ & t. d. 8*769,401 13 i* 6S6,479 13 *4 £ 4. 4 >* 5 8 5 1 c < d. 1*575.651 0 11$ 84,698 9 10$ £ * i- £ * d. 431,764 10 7I 53*877 11 si £. 4. 1,007,416 11 7 138,576 1 4$ £. d. 6,761,985 1 6$ 517*903 i* 9$

° 4| 9*415i88i 6 3 5 3 0 1,660,350 10 to - - - 485,642 2 1} 1,145,992 12 n$ 7,279*888 13 3$

6 o _ 6 4j *I»994»3l6 ii si 1»ooi,332 14 5$ 3 >7 3 8 9 1 1*1911174 5 84,161 15 1} - - - 463*385 10$ 84»777 16 5 1*754*659 it 0 168,939 11 6$ io,*39>667 0 5l *33.393 J°i

*1,996,659 5 11 4 4 4 M7$»436 0 3$ - - - 548,163 3$ 1 »9i3>599 1 6$ 11,073,060 3 4*

16 71 >5 1*846,0 ro 18 5$ 170,904 18 r j 3 *7 3 6 14 1 89,862 5 e$ 2,661 1 8 _ _ _ 109,989 5 10 11*463 3 5i 199,851 11 7i 14,124 5 1$ *,646.159 6 >°i 156,780 13 ,4

j'°l6»9'5 *7 44) 4 0 6 9*>S*3 7 5l - - - 1*1,45* 9 3I 213,975 16 8$ 1,802,940 0 7$

4.304,471 17 t)\ a47.467 5 J 3 10 a 3 9 7 " - - „ M — 168,631 5 6 8,610 14 6 168,631 5 6 8,610 14 6 4,655,84°»» 34 *38,856 10 8

o gl 5»°5i>939 1 11$ 3 10 1 - - - - 177,242 0 0 177,242 0 0 4,874.697 nt

'* S4 4 lo *>083.41* 13 9l 113* ^98 14 1 30 1 0 14 >7 7 " ~ - 16,631 1 7 3*5.59615 3 16,906 15 342,227 17 10 16,906 15 2$ 741,184 J5 11$ 96,691 l8 11$

,»197»on 7 1 ij a8 la 3 16,631 2 7 341*503 10 SI 359,134 >3 °i 837,876 14 10$

T? 36,19115 0 ^>334 3 3 1411 3 3 - _ - wM 4m mm mm 45* *4 34 393 >7 0 45> >4 3i 393 »7 0 35,741 0 8{ 11,940 6 3

48,526 18 3 1 14 9 - - " mm mm *45 >» 34 845 >» 34 ' 47,681 6 u|

\ 4* 46,498 4 7 3*465 0 9$ 1 9 11 x 10 0 mm mm - - - 696 10 6 51 8 0 696 10 6 51 8 0 45,80114 . 3,4'* >* 91

49*963 5 4} 1 911 - - - - 748 18 6 748 18 6 49,114 6 104

o 0 *6,914 1 4 8 12 0 - - - - *.3.5 04 *i3rS 1 °4 *4.599 34

I 16 -j 9*189 16 3$ 29 19 10 - - - - 2,786 3 9 2,786 3 9 6,503 12 6$

1 '4 Si 3l»8a3,ioi 1 8$ 5 5 8 3,128,309 18 6$ 16,631 2 7 1,681,698 18 8$ 4*826,639 19 10$ 16,9961461 ,0i

,i^__4 O 9*850 *3 3 987 8 0 987 8 0 8,863 j *

1 > i 5 3 i . i>043 0 9$ *,043 ° 9t

3S.HS 3 j7"5 3 *_

3 '3 4 - - 1 — rr - - - 3 '3 ♦

618 8 11 618 8 11 - - A

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix.

of GREAT BRITAIN, for the Year ended the 5th Day of January i 8 01-Distinguishing

ot* each Head respectively; — distinguiQiing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate Per-Centum f<

of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th Days of January 1800 and 1801 respectively, applicable to

Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, Issued for the Public Service, between the Da

PAYMENTS out of the NET PRODUCE, Applicable to /\ NATIONAL OBJECTS

:ce to: tt it er. rate Per Centum forwhich the NET PRODUCE of the REVENUE was colic&ed. < Payment* on Account of Militia and Deserter* Warrants $ Provisional Cavalry \ and Defence of the Realm. Bounties for promoting' the Fisheries, Linen &anuf:\£lures, See. Penfiom out of the Hereditary Revenue; and Perpetual Pensions and S:ipends charged on the Land Revenue. Towards Expences, incurred in securing < and improving His Majesty's Woods and Forests. By Virtue of Warrants F of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, under the Authority of different Acts of Parliament, towards the Support of the Civil Government of that Country. To the Receiver General of the Crown Rents in Scotland, the Produce of His Majesty's Hereditary Revenue. Imprest in the Hands of the different Officers. TO PAY! out 1 pr or

>. ! ' Hi 1,1 j! £ 677 10 9 8 £ * £. r. d. 209,530 13 3 49.447 1* il £ * d. £ > J- £ i. 26,225 ° ° £ 1. d. 26,309 16 9I] £ i- - a* 400 0 0 £ 200, 102,34

*! s 6 13 5 - - - 253,978 5 4i - - 26,225 ° ° ..... 26,309 16 9^ 400 0 0 311,91

7 0 '3 1 ic| 4 10 6 10 3 5 - - - 22,6^6 8 6J 6o»9sS t5 3' 14,000 0 0 - 65,59° *1 4f - - - — 36,6 126,5

» 3 4 19 0 - - - 83.672 3 iof 14,000 0 0 - 65,590 15 4* - - - 163,2

?? $ a} h 13 i| 4 1 1 7 6 - - - - - - - 5.441 15 0 5 >4

145 0 467 5.44J 15 0 54

;40 11 jj s 56 10 i 3 * 9 3121 117,8*7 r9 *i 2,87* >7 0 H7»? 2,8

6;:: 11J 3 12 8 120,700 16 if 120,7

,iii :t 11". »-yJ Jij 43 >8 7 17 9 8 - - - - 13,700 0 0 - - *3>7

,5*6 i; ii, 1 40 17 6 13*70° 0 0

*41 0 i ,940 6 3 5 3 5 9

tSi i 11 15 5

,?oi 14 1 4'* 1* 5 1 10 4 1 10 5 _

6: 1 10 4

W 0: 1 9 8 2

'ijCJ 11 i' 42 16 10

461 I B 647 120,700 16 if 34*1650 9 \ Z7,7cx7 0 0 - - 91,815 »3 4i t 16,30916 9: 1 5,*4i 15 0 615,*

5

1041 c i *

5,115 3 1

3 «J - -

61* S f )

' — 1 f

4-r Geo. III.

Appendix.

' j'/879

>~r *

GENERAL ESTIMATE of the Sums required for Building; and the Annual Exp £ ft cl of the Military Collece to the

Public, when completed to its full Eihbliffiment.

EXPENDITURE:

General Staff, as per detailed EHimate -Senior Department, as per Schedule, (X® i.) Junior Department, as per Schedule, (N° a.)

£ ' d'

2,237 15 0

1*73 *4 7

16,833 18 9}

Total

£. , 4 945 ——

8, coo -

4,coo — — 4,000 ——

RECEIPT:

Senior Department, 30 Officers, paying Annually each £. 3!. 10/. - -Junior Department, 100 Students, paying each per Annum £. 80 -Fifty Cadets of the East India Company's Service, paying each £. 80 One Hundred Officers'Sons, paying each Annually £, 40 -

Difference to be defrayed by the Public

The Expenditure for the Purchase of Land, and the Buildings necessary to accommodate the above-mentioned Officers and Students, will amount to - . - -

Which, if approved of by Parliament, will be required to be issued as follow

In the Year 1801 - - - - £. 30,000

D* - - - 1802 ----- - 25,000

A D° - - - - 1803 12,000

Tfctal Expence of Building - % - - . £. 67,000

/. a.

10,145 8 4i

16.945 ——

3,300 8

67,000 — —

Appendix',

(N > 49-)

d j '*c

(A )-SCHEDULE, (N« t.) — PAY and ALLOWANCES attending the SENIOR DEPARTMENT.

TOTAL AMOUNT per Annum.

REMARKS.

One Commandant and Inspeflor of the First Department ——

In the Instance that this Officer does not^ ho d any Commission, or Situation of Emolument under His Majesty, he shall receive in Addition the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel of Infantry - - I

Military Supeiintendant

365 Days.

365 Days at 15 i. 11 d. per Diem

1

- \ 1

365 Days 20 s. per Diem

Allowance for a Clerk.....| at

" \

hem V

at ‘1 per Diem 1j

565 o

18 5

d.

790 9 7

os

r

This liberal Salary is recommended by the Board, from Conviction, that the ultimate Success of the Establishment / mud greatly depend on obtaining an Officer of extraordinary Experience, Science, and Abilities, to fill this in*

portant Appointment.

383 5

£-1.173 H 7

Vol. 56.

xo O

88o

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix*

(No. 49.)

3d June.

continued.

(B.)-S CHEDULE, (No. 2.) — J UNIOR DEPARTMENT.

DESCRIPTION. PAY equal to Number of Days. Daily Pay. ' TOTAL Amount. REMARKS.

£ * d- £ ' '

t Commandant- - - - - Lieut. Colonel 36S 1 s/i 1 290 9 7

1 Director of Infthi&ions - - Major - - - 365 14/1 *57 ~ 5 I 27c C C

With a Clerk - - - 365 >/ 18 5 - 1 / > 3 J

fThefe Soperintendants are each

4 Superintendants - (each) 36S s/s i - - - - 400 — — I entrusted with the interior Care

v. of a Company of Students.

I Assistant Surgeon - - - Hospital Mate 365 7/6 - - - - 136 17 6 ( The Serjeant Majors are each at-

4 Serjeant Majors - (each) 36S */°i - - - - 150 11 3 I tachedtoa Company ot Students.

Clothing for Serjeant Majors, at £. 7 9 x. each ' - 29 16 — 1

CIVIL BRANCH:

t Professor of Mathematics ——

id AffiHant - - D° - -....

ad - D° - - - D* - - - - -x Mailer of Fortification ——

1 Principal Draughtsman ——

I ft Aflillanc - - D° ——

id - D°--- I>....

3d - D® - - - D°.....- -

4th - D° - - - D°....

) Drawing Mailer for Landscape - -

1 Assistant-- D* ——

4 Mailers of Geography, Writing, and Arith- i inetic ----- ----- - J

lft French Mailer - -- -- --id - - - D* ——

jd - - - D°....

lft German Mailer - -....

id ---- D....

3d ----- D* -....

1 Classical Master ——

1 Fencing Mailer ——

ill AfTiantil D° ——

id - - - D°....

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

Clothing 150 Students £. 10 each

Board of 300 - D° ——

WaQiing for - D° 42 Weeks at lx. per Week

D° - - - D° - D° their Sheets, 2 rPair, each at 9 d. per Pair ——

Housekeeper's Wages ——

D° - - Board ——

10 Women Servants, including their Waihinjr and Tea.....*

To - - D* - - - for Board - - each

1 Upper Man Servant, being an Invalid Soldier; a Serjeant ——

To - - D® - - - for Board ——

17 Under Servants, being Invalid Soldiers; each D° - - - for Board; each Clothing for 18 Men Servants, at £. 3 each -

304

Additional SALARY to Professors and Mailers giving Inllru&ionto Students who r ma*n at College durine the Vacation.

Total.

260 >9Pi

260 1 */6 t - -

260 i'/6 i

260 ../6i

260 13/10 - -

260 10/ - -

260 6/l I - -

260 . 6/1 - -

260 6/1 - -

260 15/4* - - - "

260 7/8 i - - "

9k i 120 O O

Ski O O O

260 1 6hi 80 O O

6/1 i O O O 00

260 7/«i ..

260 5/4 1 - -

260 5/4 f - -

260 7/8 I - -

2 60 5/4 i - -

260 Sk - -

260 *5/4f - -

260 7/8 i - -

260 Ski - -

260 Ski - -

Ad< iitional Salary

250

150

150

150

180

130

90

80

80

200

100

350 ——

J

each at 2/. per Diem

30

at 94/. 13 13 9

10 10 —

9of. *3 13 9

1 16 i O 00 h

9d. *3 13 9

»/ .8 5 ~

9J. 13 13 9

100

7°

70

100

70

70

200

100

70

70

4»n* 1<J 9

310 — —

4>4*? *9 9

1,500 — —

9,120 ——

630 —

*3$ 5 — } 43 >3 9

5°

5®

So

So

20

20

IO

- 3OO

- 2 CO

- 200 200

200 - 150 - IOO

30 -IO -IO 10 *

Total.

- 15°

- 80

- 90

- 90

Add1 Salary £.310

r The loo Students paying /.So X cachjrprovide their ownCIothing.

1

*4» 17 9

} 4* 4 —

| 54a 18 9

54 ——

16.833 18 91

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix

8Si

(C.)-SCHEDULE, (N» 3.) — GE N ER A L S T A F F. — Rate of P A Y.

.Appendix, (No. 49 )

June.

continued.

DESCRIPTION. Number of Days. Salary. Total Amount. REMARKS.

The Governor - - - , m rn m c The Governor as a

Lieutenant Governor and Superintendant General, in One Person - - - With a Clerk - ..... One Secretary to the Supreme Board - - 365 365 at 4° ' £ it. 18.5. 748 5 -2 00 General Officer on the Staff, and receives his Pay accordingly.

Chaplain, who will act as Librarian - - 13/. 8 {d.- - 25O — —

Staff Adjutant, Pay as Captain of Infantry - - 365 9'- 5J- 171 I/ 1

Staff Quarter Mailer and Storekeeper, in One Person 365 9' S'- - 17* 17 »

Surgeon - - Pay as Hospital Surgeon - - 36; 10/. - - - 182 10

Treasurer and Agents. Payir.after - - as Regimental Paymaster - - 365 '✓I s < 273 15 —

Riding and Sabre Master - - - 365 10/. 1 I d. - 200 — —

One Assistant Riding Master, Pay as Serjeant of Cavalry - 365 2/. 2d. - - 39 10 10

£; *.*37 '5 —

N° 3.

EXTRACT of a Report to His Royal Highnefsthe Commander in Chief, from the Quarter Mailer General and Adjutant General; on the Plan proposed for founding a Mil it a*, r College.

4< IN Obedience to Your Royal HighnefOs Commands, we have Carefully examined and maturely considered the Papers laid before us, containing a Plan for the Establishment of a Royal Military College, together with the Mode to be adopted for carrying the same into Effeft; we have the Honour to make our Report thereon.

rt It is proposed to found the Establishment in Two Departments, making each Division a leparare Course of Study. By thus classing Inflrudion under dirtintt Heads, the Rudiments, as well as the higher Branches of Military Science, may be equally taught, leaving the Individual to purlue that Course which most immediately applies to his own Rank and particular Prospects in the Service.

" Of the Two Departments, the Second is intended as the Basis of a regular Course of Education, and is adapted to those Persons in particular, who are from early Life intended for the Military

Profession.

4i In considering the Interior and Military Regulations of this Department, it appears to us that its Regulations are judicious, and peculiarly calculated to inflil in Youth a high Scnfe of Honour,

founded on religious and moral Principles; that a just Impression of Subordination will ariie from the Discipline of the Department being conducted according to Military Form, and the established Rules of the Service; w:.il;l in Science, the Study of each Branch is carried to the Extent necessary for Military Purposei in general*

«c The First Department is calculated for the Qualification of Officers intended to serve on the General Staff of an Army.

' This Course of Study is adapted only to those Officers, who, by a regular Course of Military Education, have acquired the first Rudiments of Science, and combine with the Experience of Service the Age of Reflexion.

" Weconsider this Department of the utmost Utility and Importance, as embracing that Knowledge of the various Details which relate to the higher Scale of War, and the Application of Science in the Direction of Military Operations; Qbjects most materially connected with the Success of Armies.

44 Such a Course of Instruction is the more necessary to establish, on Account of its being distinct from the Intelligence to be acquired by Regimental Experience; for to the one belongs the Power to execute, and to the other the judgment to direct."

(Signed)

David Dundas. Harry. Calvert.

Vol. 5$.

882

Appendix.

A. i8or

Appendix, (No. 49.) 'j,d June.

continued*

N° 4.

ES TIM A TE of the fexpences incurred, and expected to be incurred, on Account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended foi* a Royal Military Asylum, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

For the Purchase of certain Premises at Chelsea, for a Royal Military Asylum -

For Buildings, Furniture, &c. calculated for the Accommodation of One Thousand Children, instead of Five Hundred, as originally proposed ——

Dedud the Sum already voted on Account of ike above Service -

Remains to be provided ----- ----- - £.

£. d. 4,652 o 9

28,820 ——

33,472 — 9 25,000 — —

8,472 — 9

War Office, 1 2d June 1801. 3

C Torke.

Appendix,

(No 50.)

3d June.

A further ACCOUNT of MONIES advanced for PUBLIC SERVICES from the Civi l List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament; Specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced; and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for Additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts - -

Joseph White, Esq. to enable him to complete the Purchase of several old Houses necessary for carrying on the Works at the New Marshalsea ——

Arthur Young, Esq. Secretary to the Board of Agriculture, for Premiums to b6 paid for Essays on breaking up of Grass Lands -

c

£. s. d.

827 12 —

518 9 —

800 — — 2,156 1 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 3d Day of June 1801.

N, Van/ittart.

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix

883

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £.2,500,000, Granted to His Majesty to defray the EXTRAORDINARY SERVICES of the ARMY, for the Year 1800; Paid by the Right Honourable the Pay matter General of His Majesty's Forces: Together with an Account of the Application of the Sum of £. 11*359 12 s, 10 d. which remained unexpended in the Year 1799; with the Dates of the respective Payments, as far as the same can be ascertained.

Appendix, (No. 51.) 5 tb Jun$.

To D° To D°

310

93

ize —

209

9*

- 11,652 10 4

- *.965 J9 si

838 1 6£

703 16 6+

s*7 5 2k

780 — —

- 3>64S 2 7

for D°

To Mrs. E. Pickftone, for Provisions laid up in Store in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney To MdTrs. Hirtlhorne and Tremain, for Flour delivered at Halifax -To Bills of Exchange, drawn by AIexr Sloane, Consul at Rome, for Public Services £. 116 To D®, drawn by Edward Stanley, D° at Trieile, for D° -To D°, drawn by Lord Mulgrave, for D° ....

To D°, drawn by Sir William Sidney Smith, for D° -To D°, drawn by Jof. Robley, Prclident of Tobago, for D5 -To D°, drawn by Richard Mailer, Governor of D°, for D0 .

To D°, drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieut. Governor of New Brunswick, for D°

To D°> drawn by A. Gordon, Commandant at Jersey, for D*

To D°, drawn by Ed. Fanning, Lieut. Governor of St. John's, for D° drawn by Robert Walpole, Envoy at Lisbon, for D° drawn by Charles Arbuthnot, D° at D°, for D°

To D°, drawn by Peter Lc Mcfurier, Governor of Alderney, for D° -To D°, drawn by Drewry Ottley, President cf St. Vincent's, for D° -To D°, drawn by Brigadier General Charles Etle, Lieut. Governor of Alderney, for D'

To D°, drawn by Peter Rufiell, President of Upper Canada, for D° -

To D°, drawn by the Honourable William Wyndham, Envoy at Florence, for Public

Services - - - - -8,130

To D°, drawn by Martin Petrie, Commissary of Accounts to the Army in Portugal and the Mediterranean, for D° -To D°, d rawn by the Honourable A. C. Johnflone, Governor of Dominica, for D° -

To D°, drawn by William Dowdcfwell, Governor of the Bahamas, for D° -

To D°, drawn by William Keppel, Governor of Martinique, for D° -To D°, drawn byjonn Wiggle!worth, Commissary General at St. Domingo,

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Balcarres, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for D°

To D1, drawn by Robert Thomson, President at St. Kitt's, for D0 .

To D°, drawn by J. Matfoa, Prefi lent at Dominica, for D° rFo D°, drawn by Sir William Hamilton, Envoy at Naples, for D0 -ToD0, drawn by Charles Green, Governor of Grenada, for D° -

To D°, drawn by Henry Tucker, President at Bemud.:, for D0

To D°, drawn by George Beckwith, Governor cf Bermuda, for D° -

To D°, drawn by Lord Minto, Miniflerat Vienna, for DJ -To D°, drawn by Gen. Charles O'Hara, Governor of Gibraltar, for D°

ToD3, drawn by George Leonard, Superintendant of Fisheries at Halifax -To D°, drawn by Robert Liiton, Miniller to the United S ates of America, for D°

To D', drawn by the Honourable James Stuart, Lieut. Governor of Fort George, for D° - -

To D°, drawn by Sir J. Wentworth, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, for Public Services ——

To D°» drawn by General Pi&on, Governor of Trinidad, for D0 -

To D°, drawn by Brigadier General George Prevoft, for D°

To D°, drawn by T. Chandler, CommiiTary at Constantinople, for D°

To D(, drawn by Henry M uz, Commiflkry General on the Continent, for D0 To D°, drawn by Capt. D'Auvergne, Commander at Jersey, for D0 -To D°, drawn by James Ogilvie, President at Cape Breton, for D0 -ToD0, drawn by John Murray, D° at D°, for D°

To D°, drawn by the Honourable Arthur Paget, Minister at Naples, for D° -To D°, drawn by Sir Hew Dalrymple, Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey, for D° -To D°, drawn by Brigadier General Donald M'Donald, Commandant at D°

ToD°, drawn by the Duke of Kent, for D°

To Dc, drawn by Lieutenant General Bowyer, Commandant at Halifax, for D° -To D°, drawn by Admiral Charles M.Pole, Commander in Chief at Newfoundland, for D -

ToD\ drawn by William Booth, Commissary of Accounts on the Continent To DJ, drawn by Alexander Erymer, Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, for D° -ToD°, drawn by Alexander Green, D°, at D°, for D°

To D°, drawn by W. H. Robinson, acting Commissary General in the Mediterranean,

for D° - -

To D°, drawn by Jolm Glasfurd, Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward

Islands, for D0 - - - - 674,844

To D°, drawn by George Burgman, Adistant CommiiTary General in the Mediterranean - - - - 102,168

To Interest on sundry Bills drawn by General Trigge - 441

14 11 16 — !4 —

S —

*9 112

600 2,596 20,757 6,866 2,500 127,226 1,284

245

11,388

*>474

100

16,648

1,618

2,000

400

6, S3o

5 —

10 —

17 10

16

10 4

17 2i

14 6

18 l

3 lk 6 —

2*511 13 3 i

18,657

2.000 250

1.000 843

18,850

269

743

6>S33

7»I33

529

2,302

6,66l

635

8jo

16,674

1,843

*3 4

— 7

4 4s 6 8

7 3i

8 2 10 — 18 —

*7

11

5

600 — —

H 9?

4 7

11 10

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Lieut. Gen. O'Hara, for sundry special Contingent Services of the Garrison of Gibraltar ——

To D0, drawn by the Ailing Deputy Paymaster at D°, for sundry Extra Expences of the Fofces, in D° - -

Carried forward - *

£. t. J.

3.154 2 9

8,696 18 1

1,107,95a a 8

1,122.93* *9 1

VOL. 56.

10 P

Appendix. . 1801.

Appendix, (N« 51.) 5 tb June.

continued

Dates of Payments.

1800. — May 8. April 5. May 7.

October 23. January 7.

*7*

20.

22.

23*

2.

Ftbruary 1 x.

*5-

*4-

March 19.

3*-

April 12. 30.

- Afdiy 7.

9-

12.

*3-

H-June 7.

*4-

7*

Brought forward - - - £.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Afling Deputy Paymaster at the Cape of Good Hope, for sundry Extra Expences of the Forces at Gibraltar ——

To Cash paid by Mr. Brymer, Acting Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extra Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Year, to 24th September 1800 ——

To D°, paid by Mr. Hale, Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for D°, in that Province, for D° to D*

To Col. T. Maitland, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Troops under his Command, on the Coast of France ——

To R. Gardiner, Deputy Commiftary General to the Forces on a particular Service under the

Command of Sir C. Stuarf ----- -....

To Lieut. Col. Drinkwater, ftjr the Contingent Expences of his Office, as Commiftary of Accounts to the Forces under Sir Abercromby ——

To Dollars delivered to Sjr Home Popham ——

To William Mackay of Dominica, for Arrears of Rent due to him for the Hire of a Barrack in that Island, and for Damages done thereto - £.21036

To Major Browne, for bringing Dispatches from Lieut. Gen. Trigge, containing an

Account of the Surrender of Surinam - -- -- - 500 ——

To Capt. James Phillips, for Expences incurred on his Passage from Gibraltar,

charged with Dispatches from Lieut. Gen. O'Hara - - - 141 1 —

To the Holders of Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by R. G. Bolton, and William Fal-

side, in Discharge of the said Bills - - 194 6 —

To Sir H. Popham, to indemnify him for Expences incurred while employed in His Majesty's Service, particularly on a Mission to the Court of St. Petersburgh - - 2,000-

To Alexander Sutherland, late Lieutenant and Paymaster to the Royal American Regiment of Fencibles, for Services performed and Loss sustained by him while employed in the Public Service in America - '584151

To Major James Kempt, for bringing Dispatches from Sir Ralph Abercromby, containing an Account of the taking of the Helder Point ----- 500 ——

To Daines Barrington, for the Balance of his Account, as Commiftary of Stores at Gibraltar, from 1st December 1795 to 31st December 1796 - - - - 49 3 6

To Lieut. Gen. Rainsford, for D°, as Commander in Chief at Gibraltar, from ift

January to 30th November 1795 - -- 52 47

To Meftrs. Brickwood and Daniel, Agents for the Owners of the Ship Betfey, for

Expences in conveying the Royalists and others to Quebec ..... 1,050 14 —

To Hulkifon, Esq. One of the Under Secretaries of State, for sundry Bills drawn.

upon him for Hire of Vessels to attend the Expedition to Holland - 2,960 — —

To General Cuyler, for sundry Surcharges in his Declared Account as Quarter Master

General in the Leeward Islands - -- 1,670 13 4

To the Representatives of Alexr Skinner, late Deputy to Col. Stuart, Superintendant

of Indian Affairs in America, for Expences incurred by him in that Department - 1,769 8 2

To William Merry, Esq. for His Majesty's Proportion of 891,65 Chaldrons of Coals

sent to Gibraltar for the Use of the Garrison - - - - 1,381 12 7

To Meftrs. Turnbull and Co. on Account of Stores taken from the Prince de Rohan,

and applied to the Public Service in St. Domingo ----- - 3,604 11 —

To Alexander Urquhart, for the Balance of his Account during the Time he atted as

Commiftary at Toulon - - - 58137

To Col. John Morrison, for the Amount of a Surcharge in his Account, as late Deputy Commissary General in North America - ----- -- - - 81178

To Meftrs. Dickafon, et al. in full Satisfaction and Discharge of an Award relative to Bills of Exchange received on Account of a Contract for the Supply of Horses in St. Domingo - -- - 2,553 13 9

To Mr. Z. Macaulay, Secretary to the Sierre Leone Company, for the Maintenance

of Negroes sent from Nova Scotia to Sierre Leone ----- - 10,coo — - —

To Mr. C. Mason, for the Contingent Expences of his Office, as late Commiftary of

Accounts on the Continent - -- - 1,000 ——

To Sir R. Barclay, for Expences in Holland, on Account of Military Services - - 67 11 —

For the Accommodation of sundry Subaltern Officers, &c. at the Captain's Table, during their Voyage to India - - .5,459 — —

To General O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar,

from 1 ft July to 31st December 1798 - - 34149

To D°, for D°, from ift January to 30th June 1798 - - - - 25 16 11

To F. Drake, Esq. Minister Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Genoa, for the Balance of his Account, for supplying the Navy and Army with Stores and Medicines at Toulon, in 1793 - -- 87 10 9

To Lieut. Col. Clinton, for Disbursements made by him, while acting under Lord

William Bentinck with the Imperial Army in Italy ----- - 267 13 6

To D°, for the Expences of his Journey, and other unavoidable Disbursements in the

Discharge of his Duty under Mr. Wickham ----- -- 504 11 —

To Capt. Fitzgerald, for bringing Dispatches from the Duke of York, containing

Intelligence of the Surrender of Alkmaar ----- -- 504 11 —

To Gideon Duncan, Esq. late Assistant Commiftary on the Continent, for the Hire of Waggons at Ostend, and for the Loss of his Baggage and Horses upon the Evacuation of that Place in 1794 ----- -- - 804 3 9

To M. G. Knox, for his Expences in proceeding from Holland to France, to settle

the Convention of Alkmaar ----- ---- - 774 x 1 —

To T. A. Coffin, Esq; for the Balance of his Account as Storekeeper and Paymaster

at New York and Halifax - - - . 27311

To Lieut. Whiftoc, for Expences in bringing Dispatches from Gen. Stuart at Minorca 54 11 _

Carried forward - - - £» 38.-974 16 4

£ ' 1.122,931 19 7

103,345 18 —

88,698

120,417

10,000 ——

6,cco — —

500 ——

10,000 — —

1,481,893 16 7

Appendix

88S

41 Geo. III.

Dates of Payments.

1800. — July 8.

10. 22. August 1.

April 28.

August 7.

8.

9-

*3-

16.

September 24. November 8.

*i-

December 2. 12.

24.

May 31. June 9.

10.

18.

*3-

September 9. January 6.

,7-

22.

*7-

3°.

February 7*

11.

18.

Brought forward - - - £. 38,974 16 4

To Mrs. Jane Wegg, Widow of E. R. Wegg, Esq. towards certain Expences incurred by him in the Bahama Islands, for the Service of the Forces there -To Mr. Tullin, in Reimbursement of the like Sum advanced for Subsistence of Hanoverian Soldiers brought from France, and stationedat Chatham Barracks To M. G. Don, in Reimbursement of Expences incurred while detained by Order of the French Government ——

To Messrs. Phyn, Inglis, and Co. for the Amount of a Bill of Exchange drawn by Val.

Jones, late Commissary General in the West Indies, which was remitted to them, and supposed to be loft in its Passage -

To M. G. Burton, in Aid of the Expence of the Passage of himself and Suite to Canada To M. G. Don, to reimburse the Travelling Expences incurred by him upon Account of the Public ——

To William Merry, Esq. for additional Duties, Freight, and Insurance of 891- Chaldrons of Coals, sent by him for the Use of the Garrifonof Gibraltar -To D°, for D° on 8ioi Chaldrons of D°, sent by him for the UfeofD0 To Lieut. Col. Nightingale, for Expences in bringing Dispatches from Brigadier General Maitland, Commanding Officer at St. Domingo -To Messrs. Cox and Co. in Reimbursement of the like Sum paid by them to discharge Two Bills drawn by Earl Balcarres ——

To Sir Ralph Abercromby. :o enable him to proceed to Minorca to take the Command of the Forces in Portugal and the Mediterranean - -

To Dr. John Macdonald, for the Balance of his Account, as Purveyor of Hospitals in

St. Pierre's, Martmico -

To Mr. William Poppleton, for Expences attending the embarking of British Stores at Ostend, &c. -

To M. G. Bowyer, in Aid of the Expence of the Passage of himself and Suite to Halifax ——

To William Merry, Esq. for His Majesty's Proportion of 8104 Chaldrons of Coals, delivered at Gibraltar for the Use of that Garrison ——

To D°, for D°, of 610 Chaldrons of D°, delivered at D° for D° -ToD. Robarts, Esq. in consideration of his not having been employed on the Continent, after having incurred Expences in preparing for the Service -To Dr. Adam Murray, for Fees on passing his Account as Purveyor of Hospitals at Martinico, from 19th January 1795 to 13th February 1796 -

To L. G. Carleton, Quarter Master General in Canada, to reimburse the Expences of sundry Expresses ——

To D°, for the Balance of his Account as Quarter Master General in D°, from 1 ft July

1778 to 31st December 1782 - - - -....

To Captain George Parker, for the Freight of 104,000 Dollars carried to Quebec -

ISO

108 8 3

667 *5 10

278 7 6

108 3 —

*65 6 6

2*574- 6 9

4*756 — 8

37 5 6

2,131 18 10

1,000 — —

49 11 10

168 2 —

108 3 —

1,256 5 6

945 10 —

104 11 —

26 5 —

>3 3

33 11 1

*47 — —

To James Foy, Esq. Commander of the Ofterly East Indiaman, for having been employed in the Expedition against the Cape of Good Hope, and detained there in 1795 - - 500 — —

To Captain F. W. Leigh, Commander of the Warren Hastings D°, for D° - - 500 — —

To Capt. G. Saltwell, Commander of the Kent East Indiaman, for having been employed in the Expedition against the Cape of Good Hope, and detained there

in 1795 - ....

To Capt. James Rees, Commander of the Northumberland D#, for D# -To the Representatives of Thomas Hodgson, Esq. late Commander of the Earl Cornwallis D°, for D° ....

To Charles Dundas, Esq. Commander of the General Coote D°, for D° -To Capt. William Macnamara, of the Deptford D°, for D° ..

500 — — 500 — —

500 ——

500 — — 500 — —

To Lord Heathfield, for 182 Days Pay as a Major General in Great Britain, with One Aide dc

Camp, to 24th June 1796 - - - - _____

To Capt. James Montgomerie, for 47 Days D°, as a Major of Brigade in D°, to 24th

June 1794....

To Dr. John Ewart, for 358 Days D°, as Physician to the Forces, and Infpc&or General of Hospitals in the Island of Ceylon, to 24th December 1798 ToD. Frafer, late Captain in the Queen's American Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1798, for long Services prior to the late War To the Representatives of Col. J. Stuart, late Superintendant of Indian Affairs in America, for Arrears of his Salary, to 24th March 1799 -

To Lieut. Col, Defcaffres, for Six Months Pay of sundry Officers of the Deflources Volunteers, to 24th February 1799 For the Pay and Difference of Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers at Gibraltar,

in the Year 1798 ....

To James Lawrie, Esq. for Half a Year's Allowance as late Superintendant Captain &c. on the Mosquito Shore, to 21st June 1799 To Mr. Thomas Watson, for the Amount of the Deduction of the additional Twelve Pence in the Pound made from his Pay as Assistant Commissary in the West Indies,

from 1 ft January 1794 to ift March 1798....

To Capt. John Thomas, for 93 Days Pay as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 25th September 1793 - -- . - _

To Capt. John Farquharson, for 100 Days Pay as D°, to ift October 1795 To Dr. George Wardell, for 352 Days D°, as Surgeoa in Great Britain, to 7th June 1798 ....

22 5 2

- 1,017 7 2

40 ——

46S 5 3

54* 7 —

- 3,187 10 4

250 — — -

3« +-

44 — "

47 7 3

Carried forward

166 14 4 £. 6,250 18 5

£ ' J-

1,481,893 16 7

Appendix, (N° 51.)

5 tb "J

continued.

53*981

I IO

VOL. 56.

3,500 ——

1,536,2*4 18 5

886

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 51.) 5 th‘June.

continued\

Dates of Payments.

1800. — Mar. iS.

21.

22.

24.

Jpril

8.

9-

10.

12.

18.

:6.

28.

Afcjr 8.

10.

H-

26.

7^*

27»

29.

30-

5*

12.

Brought forward

- - - £

To Peter Travers, for 122 Days Pay as Apothecary in the West Indies, 1024th May 1S00 ——

To R. White, Esq. for Two Years and a Half Allowance as late Agent for the Honduras District, to ill October 179S ——

lo Count de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to the 25th December 1799, for continuing his Corps in His Majesty's Service ——

To Mr. Richard Barry, for his additional Allowance for his Trouble while acting as Secretary to a Board appointed to investigate Claims for Losses -

For Half Pay to sundry Officers employed upon the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the American War ——

To A. M. Brown,-Esq. for 145 Days Allowance, as late Barrack Mailer General of St. Vincent's, to 20th March 1800 -

For Extra Pay to several Persons sent to Conitantinople on a Special Million, to 15 th February 1800 ——

To John O'Farrell, for 96 Days Pay as Garrison Surgeon at Surinam, to 24th June

1800....

To D. Frafer, late Captain in the Queen's American Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1799* for his long Services prior to the lace War To E. H. Lambert, Esq. for 225 Days Pay as Aflillanc Commiiiary of Stores and Provisions on the Continent, to 24th December 1794 -

To Captain James Dodd, for in Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 14th April 1798 ——

To Major General Martin, for 421 Days D°, as Brigadier General at Gibraltar, to 3 1 it January 1798 ——

To Mr. S. Gibbons, for 103 Days D° as Deputy Purveyor at Surinam, to 24th June 1800 -

To Mr. F. Hutchinson, for 365 Days D° as Assistant Commissary in America, to 29th October 1799 ——

To George Hazleton, for 90 Days Pay as Inspector of Hospitals at the Cape of Gocd Hope, to 24rh March 1799 ——

To D°, for 98 Days D° as D° in Great Britain, to 10th July 1799 -

To Alexander Robertson, for 323 Days D° as Apothecary in D°, to 12th November

*799 .....; -

To D°, for 163 Days D® as Assistant Inspector of Hospiials in D°, to 24th April 1S00

To Dr. R. Henderson, for 123 Days D° as Physician in St. Domingo, to 26th A^ril

1798 - - - "

To Majo^ General De Lanccy, for h!s Pay and Contingent Expences as Superintend-ant General of Barracks, from 25th December 1792 to 24111 December 1793 To J. R. Grant, for 92 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces on an Expedition under Major General Clarke, to ijrh June 1795 -

To John Carmody, for 275 Days DJ as Deputy Commissary General in the West Indies, to 24th December 1798 ——

To Lieut. George Cornish, for 337 Days D° as late Major of Brigade to His Majesty's Forces in the East Indies, to 31st January 1^99 -

To the Representatives of M. G.Colebrook Nelbitt, for 176 Days D; as Commander in Chief of the Forces in St. Domiogo, to 26th June 1798 -

To Major H. Davis, for 365 Days D° as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th December 1798 ——

To Lieut. Col. Bonham, for 96 Days D°, as D°in D'-, to 30th March 1797 -To Lieut. Gen. William Sheriff, for 50 DaysD° as a Major General in D°, with One A'de de Camp, to 19th February 1798 -

To Sir William Fawcett, for 1S3 Days Additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1799

To D°, for his Pay as a General, with Three Aides de Camp, from I ft September to 24th December 1799; and for the Pay of his Three Aides de Camp, to 8th February 1800 ——

To Lieut. Col. Moore, for Half a Year's A low'ance, to 24th September 1799* for his Services during the Siege of Gibraltar ToD°, for Half a Year's D°; to 24th March 1800, for his D° -To Andrew Bond, for 183 Days Pay as Surgeon in Great Britain, to 24th December

*798 - - - - ....

To T. Keate, Esq. for 365 Days Additional Pay as Surgeon General, to 24th December 1799 ——

To Lieut. Gen. David Dundas, for 61 Days D®, as Quarter Maker General, to 24th August 1799 - -

To D°, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, to 24th December 1799 -

To Joseph Phelan, for 129 Days Pay as Physician, to 24th August 1800 To John Crofter, for 92 Days D° as Surgeon on an Expedition under Sir Ralph Abercromby, to D°

To Major J. Cottin, for 112 Days D9 as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th December 1794 ——

To the Reverend Thomas Tringham, for 240 Days D° as Chaplain at the Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 1796 ——

To D°, for 365 D° as D°, to 24th December 1797 -

To G. Brinley, Esq. for 365 Days D° as Commissary of the Army at Halifax, to 21st June 1799 ——

Carried forward

- - £

9230' 18 5

57 7

375 — —

750 — —

259 l5 —

200 11 6

43 10 —

S17 4 —

9 4

40 — —

!59 l7 —

52 11 5

598 3 10

48 *5 2

182 10 —

17 8

92 16 7

152 *9 8

*54 8 —

116 10 3

,626 16 —

43 11 5

137 10 —

168 10 —

c 00 u 19 5

172 17 6

45 9 4

118 8 1

693 7 10

882 7 4

75 — —

75 — —

86 13 5

518 12 6

23l 2 7

172 17 6

122 7 6

43 11 6

53 — 11

75 15 7

>*S 5 —

*73 >5 —

>342 16 IO

A* 1801.

r, s. j.

1.536,2241 s

i»S39-374 »8 5

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

87

Dates of Payment.

1 12.

*4-

*3-

26.

27*

July 3.

II.

>5

*3*

*6.

Avgvjl 1.

6.

8.

11.

12.

16.

18

21

23

2S

26.

September 3-

it.

13*

Brought forward - - - £. 18,342 16 10

To G. Brinley, Esq. for 365 Day* Additional Pay as Commissary of the Army at-Halifax, to 21st June 1799 - -

To D°, for 365 Days further Additional Pay as D°, to D*

To Major General Andrew Gordon, for the Pay and Forage Money of an Extra Aide de Camp, from 25th December 1797 to 24th June 1799 To Col. Harry Calvert, for 183 Days Pay as Adjutant General to 24th December 1799

To D°, for 183 Days Additional Pay as D®, to D*

To the Representatives of General Morrison, for 155 Days Additional Pay as Quarter Mailer General, to 26th November 1799 - -

To Lieut. Col. Paterson, for his Extra Allowance as Assistant Quarter Mailer General, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799 - , -

To R. Wimberley, Esq. for One Year and 80 Days Pay, 8tc. as late Private Secretary to Governor Ricketts, to 14th February 1800 . - -

To William Findlay, for 143 Days Pay as Apothecary on an Expedition under Sir Ralph Abercromby, to 24th August 1 800 - ‘ -

To Sir L. Pepys, for 365 Days Additional Pay as Physician General, to 24th December 1799 ——

To Col. John Skerrett, for 145 Days Pay, as Brigadier General in Newfoundland, to 24th December 1798 - - -

To D®, for 365 Days D° as D°, to 24th December 1799 -

To Capt. W. Hely, for his Pay and Forage Money as Major of Brigade in Newfoundland, for 1799 -

To Thomas Howden, for 90 Days Pay as Surgeon at the Cape of Good Hope, to 24th March 1799 ——

For 90 Days Pay of sundry Hospital Officers, at the Cape of Good Hope, to D®

For Extra Pay to several Persons fentona Special Mission to Cotiftantinople, to 19th May 1800 -

To R. White, for One Year and a Half's Allowance,*as late Agent for the Honduras Ditlrift, to 1 ft April 1800 -

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th March 1800, for conti-' nuing his Corps in His Majesty's Service - - ' ' .

To MclTrs. Cox and Greenwood, for the Pay of the Household Trumpeters of the ill and 2d Regiments of Life Guards, from 25th June 1788 to 24th June 1799 To James Lawrie, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st December 1799, as late Superintendant of the Mosquito Shore ——

To A. M. Browne, for 118 Days Allowance as late Barrack Mailer at St. Vincent's, to 16th July 1800 ——

To William Tytler, for 287 Days Pay as Apothecary at the Cape of Good Hope, to 24th October 1800 - -

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officer*, in the Year 1799 To sundry Persons for Half Pay for their Services on thfe Lakes and Rivers in Canada, during the American War - -

To G. A. Mackenzie, for 105 Days Pay as Apothecary in Great Britain, to 24th September 1800 - - - - ~ - -

To Alexander Stewart, for 105 Days D°as D° in Great Britain, to D°

To Lieut. Col. Sontag, Military Superintendant of Hospitals, for Pay of himselfand the Resident Superintendants under his Command, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799 -

To Lieut. R. Griffiths, for superintending the forwarding Desertert to and from Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1797 to24th December 1798 To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799 To J. W. Dunkin, for 58 Days Pay as Apothecary in the West Indies, to 24th December 1793 - -

To Major General John Whyte, for Two Years and 324 Days Pay as Lieut. Governor of Fort Bourbon in Martinique, to 24th June 1798 - -

To Dr. John Wright, for 61 Days Pay as Afliilant Inipedor of Hospital* to the Forces, to 24th December 1799 - - - - .

To Dr. William Scot, for 365 Days D® as D°, to D° -

To Mr. George Ailiotti, for Two Years and 14 Days Pay as A ffistant Commissary of Provisions in North Britain, to 4th July 18co - - . „

To Mr. Edward Colman, Veterinary Surgeon General, for Pay of Veterinary Surgeon James Harrison, and Ash Hants, and Pay and Bounty to sundry Farriers attached to the Veterinary Department, to 27th January 1800 -

To Lieut. L. Gubbins, for 246 Days Pay as Aide de Camp to Colonel Walpole, in Jamaica, to 2d June 1796, and of Lieut. Jacob Brent, as Major of Brigade inD® for the same Time

To Lieut. Gen. Carletcn, for Haifa Year's Allowance as Governor of New Bruns-

wick, to 24th June 1798 ....

To D°, for Half a Year's D° as D°, to 24th December 1798 To D°, for Haifa Year's D° as D°, to 24th June 1799 -

To G. H. Hill, for 152 Days Pay as Surgeon in the West Indies, 1024th November 1800 ——

To the Representatives of the late E. Termock, for loo Days Pay as Surgeon in the Leeward I (lands, to 24th -December 1795 - - .

.9* 5 ~

182 10 — *

*97 1 6

173 6 1 11

433 7 5

s87 6 —

86 8 9

246 >7 8

67 >4 7

S«8 12 6

206 _ 6

518 I. 6

124 2 11

42 12 6

170 IO —

840 9 —

225 — —

750 — —

5 <5 99 —

250 — —

35 8 —

>35 18 8

30 9 5 7

250 18 6

49 H 8

M39>374 *8 5

49 *4 8

605 1 3

53 3 — 53 3 —

*7 9 4

1,582 10 —

86 13 5 691 10 —

186 — —

17* ——

233 — 6

250 ——

25O — — 250 — —

71 19 IO

47 7 *

VOL. 56.

Carried forward

10

: £ 35,ifc> 1$ 3

l»539»374 *« .

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

tb June.

continued. ----- ----- ---- I

vj

Appendix.

A. 1S01.

Appendix. (No. 51.) $tbjune.

rontinutd.

Dates of Payments.

1800 — 13.

16.

Ofhbtr 9. to.

14*

30.

Kevembtr 6.

7-

12.

December J.

xo.

12*

13*

15-

*7-

Januty 17. February 6. Afjjr 8. 10. 4-

8.

26.

Jamnry

22.

27<

Felruary 15,

Brought forward - - - £. 3 5,160 lj 3

For Extra Pay of sundry Persons sent on a Special Million to Constantinople, to 19th

August 1800 - .....840 9

To Dr. William Robertson, for 90 Days Pay as Purveyor of Hospitals at the Cape of Good Hope, to 24th March 1799 - -- 106 11 4

ToT. H. Bowles, for 111 Days Pay as Deputy Purveyor of Hospitals in the West Indies, to 24th September 1800 - - 52 11 6

To D°, for 91 Days D° as D°, to 24th December 1800 - - - 43*

To Brigadier General D. D. Weymfs, for 264 Days Pay as Brigadier General at Gibraltar, to 24th December 1798 -.....- - - 375*3

To D°, for 365 Days D° as D°, to 24th December 1799 " " - - - - 5181*6

For the Pay of a Supernumerary Quarter Mailer, and Four Supernumerary Corporals of the Royal Regiment of Hotfe Guards in 1799 - - - - 90 12 1

For Four Months Pay in Advance to several Medical Staff Officers ordered to embark for Foreign Service - -- 349 10 6

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th June 1800, for continuing

his Corps in his Majesty's Service ----- --- - 750 — —

To P. Giynor, for 121 Days Pay as Apothecary to the Forces, to 24th April 1799 - 57 6 *

To R. White, F,fq; f>r Half a Year's Allowance as late Agent for the Honduras Dif- , trifl, to id October 1800 - - ----- - - 75 — "

To Samuel Irving, for 392 Days Pay as Surgeon at the Cape of Good Hope, to 24th January 1801 - -- -- - - -- - 187 1* 2

For Extra Pay of sundry Persons sent on a Special Million to Constantinople, to 20th November 1800 - -- 877 6 —

To Sir William Fawcett, X. B. for 182 Days Additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1800 - -- 689 12 1

To the Duke of Cumberland, for 135 Days Pay as a Lieutenant General, with Two

Aides de Camp, to 24th December 1799 - - 639 8 —

To Colonel Colin Campbell, for 220 Days D° as a Brigadier General in the Leeward

Mauds, to 8th December 1799 - - - 3121111

To Major General Whitelocke, for 123 Days D° as D° in St. Domingo, to 25th October 179*.....- - - - . - - 174 *5 S

To Major General Wilford, for 135 Days D° as a Major General, with One Aide-de-Camp, in Great Britain, to 24th December 1799 - - - - 31914 —

To Colonel H. Calvert, Adjutant General, for 365 Days Pay of an Assistant to D° - 259 6 3

To D°, for 182 Days Additional Pay as D°, to 24th June 1800 . - - - 431 ——

For 183 Days Additional Pay to the Deputy Adjutant General, and the Deputy

Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1798 - - - 173 6 10

To Lieut. Col. Howard, for 182 Days Pay as Major of Brigade, to 24th June 1799 - 86 4 —

To Lieut. General David Dundas, for 182 Days Additional Pay as Quarter Master

General, to 24th June 1800 - - - - 689 12 l

To A. M. Browne, for 139 Days Allowance as late Barrack Master General at St.

Vincent's, to ad December 1800 - - - 41 14 —

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, to 24th June 1800 - 3,491 7 3

For the Pay of sundry Officers of Hospitals, belonging to the Staff in St Domingo, in

1799.....-- - ---- - 214 1 6

To Brook Watson, Esq; to defray the Expences of his Department as CommiflTary General To John Trotter, Esq; for providing Camp Necessaries, Hospital Bedding, Stores, Sec. for the Use of the Forces ——

For Bat, Baggage, and Forage for sundry Corps of Regulars and Militia, and Forage to several General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals attending the Forces -To Lieut. Colonel A. Dirom, for sundry Expences incurred by him as Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, in 1799 - - 42742

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for supplying Specie to the Troops in Scotland, &c. for One Year, to Christmas 1799 -

To Lieut. Colonel Dirom, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, from 25th June to 24th December 1798 -

To William Fettes, for Extra Expences for Oatmeal, &c. furnished to the several Gar-fons in North Britain, in the Year 1799 - - - - v- -

To Sir Ralph Abercromby, for so much expended by him in D°, from 31st May to 24th December 1798 ——

To D° for D°, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799 -

To Lieut. Colonel Dirom, for sundry Expences incurred by him as Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, for 1799 ——

To J. Geddes, Esq; for the like Sum expended by him for the Use of the Forces in

North Britain, and in Money issued to several Officers there, for the Year 1799 - 2,840 10 4

1,510 1 3

78 3 —

900 2 4

171 ——

300 ——

300 6 8

£ s. J.

>,539.374 >8 S

For sundry Articles of Cloathing, Accoutrements, Horse Furniture, 8ec. supplied to sundry Corps To make good the Deficiencies on the Assignments of sundry Corps that were reduced or disbanded -For Great Coats supplied to sundry Corps ——

To Liestf. Thomas Seth, of the 59th Foot, for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on his Paffagcyjb the West Indies - - - 633 —

To'Dr. Pinckard, for D°, tak^C by D®,1^ the flfcffage from St. Domingo - - - 83 3 —

To Hospital Mate G. F, Cockburne, for D®, wfieh taken by D®, on his Passage from the Cape of Good itope - - - - - - - 38 1 ~

To General Morrison, fort)0 of sundry Officers of the 4th Regiment of Foot, when - taken by the Enemy in 1797, on the Passage from Canada.....295 5 —

Carried fprward - - - 479 13 —

46,997 3 *

230,000 — —

134,223 2 ii

61,314 7 2

6*5*7 7 9

30,164 2 2

40,872 9 11

19,312 18 11

2,108,786 10 4

jj.i Geo. TIT.

Appendix.

Dates of Payments.

l8oc — f*h. 18. March 1.

8.

si.

*7-

jtpri! 9.

12.

29.

May 5.

6.

8.

14.

*S-

29.

VOL. 56.

Brought forward - - £. 479 *3

To Dr. Jackson, for Loss'of Baggage on the Continent in 1794, while Surgeon to the

3d Regiment of Foot ----- ---- - 4*3* —

To Captain Gilmour, and Enflgns George Watt and John Hope, of the late 93d Regiment of Foot, for D°, when taken by the Enemy on their Passage from Demerara 204 4 ""i" To the Marquis of Drogheda, for Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage of fundiy Officers of the 18th Regiment of Dragoons, when taken by D° on their Passage to the West Indies ----- ----- - - 266 18 4

To Sir R. Sloper, to replace sundry Accoutrements, Appointments, and Necessaries of the 14th Regiment of Dragoons, taken by the Enemy on the Passage to St. Domingo 4,291 7

To the Representatives of Lieut. Colonel Ross, late of the 21st Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, &c. and of Necessaries provided for the Use of his Company in Guadeloupe - -- - l$7 4

To Major H. Cuvier, for Loss of Baggage on the Evacuation of Toulon, when Lieut.

in the 50th Rtgiment of Foot - 64

To the Marquis of Huntley, for Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage of sundry Officers of the late 100th Rtgiment of Foot, when captured on its Passage from Corflca to Gibraltar ----- ----- -- 997 *5 —

To Lieut. Dond Robertson of the 59th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, when

taken by the Enemy on his Passage to Antigua - .....-63 3

To Enflgn \V. Hagan of the 77th D°, for D°, by the Henry Addington East Indiaman

being ftrnnded - ----- - - 34*"

To Captains Taylerand Mac Clara 11 of the 81st D°, for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on their Passage from St. Domingo ----- - x64 4 "

To Thomas King, late Lieut, in the 4th West India Regiment, for Loss of D°, on hit

Passage to the West Indies - 63 3 —

To Captains Henn and Pinfold, of the 24th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of D°, on their

Passage from Quebec - ----- -- 63 3 —

To Lieut. Robfonnnd Enflgn Hedley of the 39th D°, for Loss of D°, when taken on*

their Passage to Barbice and Demerara - ----- -- 124 4 —

To Cornet John Jappie of the i;th Dragoons, for Loss of a Charger (hot for the

Glanders - - - - 33 12 —

To Quarter Master S. Smith of the 26th D°, for Loss of Baggage^ When taken on his

Passage to Martinique ----- ----- - 42 —

To Lieut. J. W. Olive of the 4th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from Quebec - - - - 80 13 —

To Lieut. Colonel Maclean of the 6otii D°, for D°, when taken by D°, on his Passage

from D° - - . - - - - . S3 3 —

To Lieut. Wm. Prater of D° Regiment, for D°, on his Passage to New South Wales 80 13 — "

To Lieut, Short of the 32d Regiment of Foot, for D°, when taken by the Enemy on

his Passage to the West Indies - - . 71 it —

To Captain Barclay of the 561b Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy in Guadaloupe - - - . 22 2 —

To Captain Lieut. R. Dale of the 39th D°f for D°, when taken by D° at D° - - 32 2 —

To Captain John Rynd of the 53d D°, for the Expences attending the Cure of aWound

received at Porto Rico - - - - 80 — —

To Lieut. Colonel Graham of the 27th D°, for D° of D° received in Action at St.

Vincent's - . - - - - -I333 —

To H. H. Forfter, Captain in the late Corsican Regiment, for D° at the Evacuation of

Fort la Malgue - - - 60 — —

To Captain Wm. Douglas, for D°, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from the Cape of Good Hope - -- - -83 3 —

To Mr. James Margetfon, for Loss incurred by him on Matts taken for the Use of the

Forces at Queenborough .....101 6 9

To Captain Alexander Bower, late of the 82d Foot, for Loss of Baggage, when captured on his Passage from the Cape of Good Hope - - - - 40 — —

To Major John Bathe of the 15th D°, for D % when taken by the Enemy on his Paf-

sage from Shetland to Aberdeen ----- -- " 3$ 88

To Lieut. Colonel Lewis Lindenthal of the Minorca Regiment, for D°. when taken by D° on i.is Passage from Great Britain - - - - . - 103 3

To General George Scott, to replace Accoutrements of the 56th Regiment of Foot,

loft on Service in the West Indies - - ----- - 142 ro

To Lieut. Ninian Craig of the 30th Foot, for Lois of Baggage, when taken by the

Enemy on his Passage from Corflca - 63 3 —

To Messrs. Mcyricks, for Loss of D° of sundry Non commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 30th Regiment of Foot, when taken Prisoners at Toulon - 18 11 —

To Hospital Mate O'Farrell, for Loss of Baggage, when taken Prisoner by the Enemy on his Passage to the West Indies - 53 3 —

To IJeut. Colonel Lee, of the late 112th Foot, for Losses sustained at Berville Camp,

in Guadaloupe - -- - 83 $ ~

To Charles Douglas, Esq; for his Services in St. Domingo, and as a Recompence for the Loss of his Baggage 2nd Effects when taken Prisoner - - - . - 604 It —

To sundry Officers for Loss of Baggage at the Evacuation of Toulon ... 134 u —

To Lieut. Thomas Evans, of the 8th Regiment of Foot, for D°, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from Demerara, when a Lieutenant in the late 93d Regiment 47 2 — To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, for Loss of Baggage of sundry Officers of the 18th Regiment of Foot, at the Evacuation of Toulon 144 11 —

To D°, for Lcfs of D° of sundry D° of D°Regiment, at D® - - - - t»4 xi —

Carried forward - - ~ £ 7,48a 11 8

889

Appendix,

/ £. ,. d. (Not 51.)

2,108,786 10 4 yb jmtf

cmtinueJ-

2,108,786 *0 4

Appendix

A. i8or.

890

Append!*, (No; 51$ 5 tb July.

cwrtintieJ.

Dates of Payments.

1800 — June 14.

26.

July io.

Jugujl 4.

8.

September 2.

16.

26.

October 21.

December 5.

24.

February 1. April 2.

Brought forward -

£. 7,482 11 8

'To LordGeo. H. Lennox, tore-place sundry Accootreilienti, fcc.of the2<;th Regiment of Foot, taken by the Enemy at Grenada, &c.

To Lieut. John Chetham, of the Regiment o not, for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on his Paflbge from Quebe.

To Lieut. John Hamfl, of the 70th Poor* for Loss of D°, when taken by the Enemy, at St. Domingo -

To Captain William Htly, of the 5th Regimeri of Irish Brigade, for Loss o' Baggage and Camp Equipage in Da 1 . " - .

To the Representatives of Major A. Campbell, late > fthe 69th Regiment of Foot, as a Compensation foF the Loss of the Whole of his Baggage, &c. at the Evai uation of Toulon - - ,- - -

To the Duke of Gloucester, for Lodes of sundry Officers of the t ft Regiment of Foot Guards, by the Thetis Tran sport being wrecked - -

To D°, to replace Cloathing and Accoutrements loft or damaged by D° -; -

To Major D. Mcllefont, of the 10th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, &c. on Board the Convert Frigate, when wrecked on the Passage from the West Indies To Lieut. Gen. Trigee^to replace Accoutrements of the 68th Regiment ol Foot, loft on Service in the West Indies - .

To Lieut. M. Strttch, of the 44th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage on his Passage from the Edft Ii\d:es _ -

To Captain Lieut. William Wynn, for the Cure of a \Vound received in Action in Holland - *

To Lieut. David Joly, of the 4rh Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for LofTcs Futtaim d in the Wreck of the London West Indiaman -To J. \V. Manftrgh, Elq; late Major in the 32d Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Camp Equipage on Board the Hartley Transport, on her Passage to the West Indies To M. G. Balfour, for replacing Accoutrements of the 83d Regiment of Foot, loft at the Evacuation of St. Domingo ——

To Major Jenour and Paymaster Mackenzie, of the 39th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on their Passage to Demerara ... To Captain J. Wood, of the 32d Regiment ot Foot, for Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage in the West Indies -

To Captain G. D. Robertson, of the ift Foot Guards, for the Cure of a Wound received in Action in Holland ——

459 1 rr

47 2 — *

2

5* 18 —

104 (I —

95 5 —

4^ 9 1

118 3 —

704 *4 7

63 3 —

36 — —

63 3 —

36 1 —

206 *9 6

129 4 —

189 11 —

47 1 —

February 20.

January 3.

8.

frbruei'y |,

26.

27.

hlaich 19.

To Mr. Window, on Account, to enable him to pay Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c.

To George Gamier, Elq; Apothecary General, for Medicines, &c. supplied for the Use of the Forces -To Me firs. Cox and Co. lor Contingent Expences of the Recruiting Distriffs, and on Account of Pay of Deftrters, &c. subsisted at Chatham Barracks -

To Meffis. Marsh, Cooke, and Maude, Agents tb the Captors of the Spanish Ships El Thetis and El Santl Brigada,.to complete Payment for 600,000 Dollars delivered for His Majesty's Service Abroad ——

To Sir S. Lulhington, Bart, for Small Arms delivered by the East India Company into His Majesty's Stores in the Tower ——

On Account of Pay and Contingent Expences of the Commander in Chief's Office for One Year, to Michaelmas iSoo -

On Account of the Contingent Expences of the Adjutant's General's Office for One Year, to D°

To Lieut. Gen. David Dundas, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Matter General, from December 1798 to 24th December 1799 - - i - - - a. 468 8 +-

To Lieut. Gen. M >rrifon, for Extra Expenditures, as Quarter Matter General, from

25th December 1794 to 24th March 1795 - - - 52 13 —

To Lieut. Gen. Dundas, for the Purpose of answering various Expences attending

the Encampment of Troops - -- 1,500 — —

To sundry General Officers, &c. for the Extra Expences of themselves, and other Officers under their Command, for House Rent, Forage, Stc. ——

For Twelve Months Contingent Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains of the Foot Guards, to 24th January 1S01 -

For Beer Money for the Three Regiments of Foot Guards ——

To die Colonels of the Foot Guards, for Levy Money for the Augmentations to their respective Regiments ——

To William Gorton, Esq; for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and Foot Guards oh Duty at St, James's, &c. from 2jtb March 1799 to 2*th March 1800 - - ' 8,166 15 *

To D°, for Additional Duties on Wine, purchased for D° Table, from 25th September

1799 to March 1800 - - - - I54 4 1

To Captain H. Munro of the Invalids, for the Loss he Fuftained on the Sale of an Ensigncy in the 4zd Regiment of Foot ——

To Lieut. Gen. H. Johnson, for Cloathing and Necessaries fornished for the Prisoners at New Geneva Barracks ——

To Mr. Robert Fergufon, Jun. for Loss sustained by him on a Quantity of Provisions detained by the Embargo in Ireland in 1792 ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertising Deserters in the Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, between 13th July and 5th October 1799 ——

'To Gvvynn Vaughan, Esq; Governor of Fishguard Fort, for the Expences attending the putting that Place in a State of Defence against the Enemy ——

To Col. Yorke, for the Half-Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant, and sundry other Officers of tKc To^ef, to 24th June 1799 -

Carried forward - - - £

£. u d.

ro8#7S6 10 4

10,-78 14 8

119,000 ——

40,000 — —

12,260 — —

lb'7$ H 9

10,000 — —

4,000 -

640 — —

2,021 1 —

13>974 13 to

13,410 6 — 4>77* 15 5

27,279 17 a

8,320 19 —

120 —

4, SSo 4 »

280 l6 —

*3* 4 4

l60 l6 —

212 4 —

*395>47* l7 i

4i Geo. III.

Appendix.

891

Dates of Payments.

1800 — Mar.

April I. 2. *5-

*8.

50.

M.ry 6.

8-

10.

>7-

2 6.

29. Jute 7. 10.

ZI.

13-

14.

*5-

28.

Ju?y22. August 4.

6.

19.

September 16.

26.

Ofloher 28. December 5.

*3-

Brought forward . - - £

To Thomas Rice, Esq; Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at the Foot Guard Rooms Whitehall, Tilt Yard, Sr. James's, Kensington, &c. in the Year 1797 - - .

To Brigadier General Maitland, for Expences incurred by him and Lieut. Col. Nightingale, while employed on Public Service ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertising Deserters in the Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, between 26th October and 28th December 1799 ——

T Sir C. Morgan, for Rent of the Premises occupied by him in Lieu of his Apartments at the Horse Guards, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798 ——

To Mr. James John foil, to complete the h x pence of erecting the Main Building to the Barracks for the 1(1 Regiment of Life Guards, in Hvde Park -

To General Iiarcourt, for Expences for the Alterations of the Accoutrements of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons -

To Mr, James Sadler, for his Invention of a Moving Battery, and Charges attending the Construction To D°, for his Expences and Trouble in providing a Brigade of 3 lb. Field Pieces with Limbers, an Ammunition Caravan, &c. for the Use of the Forces.....-

To Sir R. Abercrombv, for Alterations in the Accoutrements of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons -To M ajor Gen. De Lancey, for D° in D° of the 17th D° ——

To the Reprefenratives of Field MarQial Hodgson, for D° in D° of the nth D° -To the Rev. James Hodgson, for One Year's Rent of the Minister's House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1799 - - - - ;....

To Wihiam Hulkifon, Esq; to pay a Bill drawn by the Ruffian General at Yarmouth, on Account of the Sick and Wounded Officers at that Port - - .

To D®, to pay a Bill drawn by D°, for D° Service ——

To T. Rice, Esq; Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year

U98....

To D°, for D° at the Foot Guards Rooms at Whitehall, Tilt Yard, St. James's, Sec. in D# Year -To Lord Dorchester, for Alterations in the Accoutrements, &c. of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons -To the Representatives of General Johnston, for D°in D° of the 6th Regiment of Dragoons -To Messrs. Cox & Co. for Pay of sundry Draughts, and Invalids under the Command of Major Barretti at Ealing Barracks, in 1795 and 1796 ——

To the Representatives of Sir George Howard, for Alterations in the Accoutrements, See. of the lft Regiment of Dragoon Guards ——

To Lieut. Gen. Rooke, for Passage, Sec. of discharged Soldiers, their Wives and Children, to Ireland -To Lieut. Gol. Hope, for his Allowance in Lieu of Emoluments, as Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Castle, from 25th June to 24th December 1798 ——

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing Coals and Candles for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th December 1793 to 24th June 1794 ——

To D°, for D°, to 24th December 1794 ——

To D°, for D°, to 24th June 1795 ——

To D°, for D°, to 24th December 1795 ——

To D°, for his Annual Allowance as Lieut. Governor of Landguard Fort, to 24th December 1799# in Lieu of Emoluments ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertising Deserters in the Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, between 18th January and 22d March 1S00 ——

To Lieu:. Col. Henry Montrefor, for Loss sustained by him upon the Sale of sundry Articles of Cloath-ing and Accoutrements ordered for the Officers of an Anglo-Corsican Regiment under his Command To Mrs. C. Matthews, for the Value of Copper Coin shipped on Board the Montrath for Portsmouth, consigned to the Collector of the Customs ——

To L. Morse, Esq; for carrying on, for One Year, to Midsummer 1800, a progressive Lift of Commissions of all the Officers in the Army ——

To Lieut. Gen. Andrew Gordon, for Expences incurred by him in receiving and entertaining the French Emigrants in Jerfcv, for Two Years, to 24th December 1799 ——

To Lieut. Gen. Fox, for the Duties paid by him, his Aide de Camp, and Acting Brigade Major, for Horses kept for Military Service ——

To Lieut. Gen. Rooke, to be paid to the Corporation for the Care of the Poor in Bristol, for Expences for Passage, &c. from thence to Ireland, of discharged Soldiers, their Wives and Children To Col. Yorke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant, and sundry other Officers of the Tower of London, in lieu of Emolumenis, to 24th December 1799 -

To Messrs. Cutlers, for the Balance of their Account as Contractors for supplying the Forces encamped at Netlev with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage, from 23d July 1794 to 30th January

l7()6.....-

To J. Downes, for advertising Deserters, between the 12th April and 3th July 1800, in the Hue and Cry and Police Gazette ——

To Mr. Egerton, for printing, Sec. various Regulations for the Use of the Army -

To Lieut. Colonel Le Marchant, to be paid to MoDfieur de Loyaute, for drawing Plans for the Military College at High Wycombe ——

To Colonel Yorke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant, and sundry other Officers of the Tower of London, to 24th June 1800 ——

On Account of the Charge of the several Black Corps for Service in the West Indies in 1800 Towards the Extra Allowance to the Troops on Account of the High Price of Bread and Meat'

£- d.

*>39S*7l *7 S

2,464 3 n

154 n —

98 2 8

34) 5 5,492 4 to

419 1 —

160 ——

515 13 2

122 9 3

180 6 9

239 1 —

4* a —

>57 ——

5 Co — —

4,076 4 8 2,357 12 10 239 1 —

366 18 4

800 — —

458. a 5 170 11 3

103 3 —

186 5 ,0 178 5 8

216 — 8 115 I 5

63 3 —

105 11 8

397 >» 5

1,000 — -

103 3 — 600 — — 196 13 —

347 8 8

212 4 ---

t

49 II II

128 19 IO 469 19 — -

23I 16 ---

212 4 — .

58,285 5 4

33,502 16 11

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

5th.

continued.

MII>359 12 10

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 5th June 1801.

VOL. 56.

P. George Craufurdt

Accountant General.

10 R

Appendix, (No. 52.) 9 tb June.

Appendix.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of SIERRA LEONE, for i>oi.

Governor, including the Expence of his Table First Member of Council -

3°o

Third - D° - 250

- 150

150

Chaplain - - - 150

200

Surveyor and Register Two Clerks -Expence of Mayor's Court Agent in London Contingencies -

Sierra Leone Office, 7 April 28th 1801. J

£ 8:0 3 OO

IOO

200

55°

200

650

4,000

d. 1801,

Appendix, (No. 53.) 15 tb June.

An ACCOUNT, of the Estimated Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, including the Arrears Outstanding, to

5th April 1801.

1 y £ '

Surplus at 5th April 1801, to be applied in further Part of £.5.200,000 granted for the Service

of the Year 1800, as per Account presented to Parliament 28th April 1801 74>,5+ *7

Estimated Arrears of Land Tax for the Years 1799 and 1800, to 5th April 1801 - 1,300,000 — —

£- i,374>«54 *7 8

Wanting at 5th April 1801, to complete the Sum of £.5,200,000 granted for the Service of the Year 1800 ----- -- 1,348,538 2 10

Surplus - - - £ 25,6l6 14 IO

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 15th June 1801.

N. Vansittart.

Appendix,

(No. 54.)

*5 tb June.

An ACCOUNT of the Civil Establishment of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, up to the 25th December 1800.

State Officers

Chancery -

Exchequer -

King's Bench -

Common Pleas -

Custom Officers.

Incidents -

Court of Appeals

Court of Admiralty

Office of Imprest Accounts -

Barracks, and Board of Works

Non-conforming Ministers -

Secret Service -

Concordatum -

Unappropriated -

£ '

60,613 — 10 \

7>3S9 — 9

27,001 14 10

6*749 5 1

5,307 10 —

- 5,248 6 8

2,747 *7

- 1,500

700 — —

5,200 — —

- 3,35°

7»7°°

5,000 — —

5,000 — —

£ 143,97616 1

- 1,023 311

145,000 — —

Roitn,

Aud. Gen1.

4i Geo. Ill

Appendix.

A L I S T of all such Sum and Sums of Money as are incurred and become due upon His Majesty's Establishment for CIVIL AFFAIRS within Scotland, bearing Date the 19th Day of June 1761, for One Year, commencing from the ift Day of January 1800, and ending the id Day of January 1801.

To Alexander Duke of Gordon, Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland To Henry Dundas, Esq; Keeper of the Privy Seal there -To Frederick Campbell, Esq; Lord Clerk Register -To Hay Campbell, Esq; Lord President of the Court of Session

To John Campbell, of Stoneficid, Esq; -To David Ross, of Ankervilie, Esq; -To David Rae, of Efkgrove, Esq; -To William Nairn, of Dun finnan, Esq;

To William Craig, Esq; - -

To William Baillie of Pochentet, Esq; -To David Smith, of Methven, Esq; -\ To Sir William Miller, of fill nice, Bart. -

To Allan McConnochie, of Meadowbank, Esq;

To Robert Cuilen, Esq; -To William Hons man, of Arm \d?.le, Esq;

To William McLeod Bannalynr, of Bannalyne, Esq;

To Claud Boswell, of Balmuto, Esq; -To George Fergufon, of Hermand, Esq;

Lords

cf

Session -

I j. Tax.

£ i- '

150 ——

150 ——

60 — —

6 d. Tax.

C *- *

75 — —

75 ——

30 ——

To John Pringle, Ffq; Clerk to His Majesty's Processes before the Session

To Gt rc Bruce, Under Clerk to His Majesty's Processes -

To John Elder, Extrador thereof ——

To William Riddell, Esq; Writer cf Hornings -

To James Newbigging, Esq; Keeper of the Register of Hornings -

To Robert Moffat ——

To John Graham ——

To Thomas Broaie ——

To John Ritchie ——

To James Duke of Montrose, Lord Justice General -To David Rae, of Eflcgrove, Esq; Lord Justice Clerk -"To William Nairn, of Dunfinnan, Esq; -To William Craig, F/q; -

To David Smyth, of Methven, Esq.

Justiciary - 1 To Rubert Cullen, Esq;.

LTo William Honyman, of Armadale, Esq;

To Robert Dundas McQueen, Esq; Clerk of Justiciary To the Depute Clcik of Justiciary - -

MaCc rs To Andrew Murifon ——

of I To John Grant ——

Justiciary,) To Alexander McDougaIl -1 Whittet

Hcufckeepers

2 —

100

Lords

of

Edward Innes -

To John High, Dcmpfler of Judiciary....

To the Two Lords of Justiciary on the Southern Circuit, at £.150 each, for each Circuit....." -....

To the Depute Advocate and Clerk on D°, at £.50 each, for each Circuit -

To One Macer and Two Trumpeters on D°, at £. 10 each, for each Circuit -

To the Two Lords of Judiciary on the Northern Circuit, at £. 180 each, for each Circuit -

Carried forward - - - £.

VOL. 56.

50 ——

10 ——

7 10 —

479 —

3 *5 —

15 ——

*8 ——

271 15 —

Payments.

2,775 ——

2 775 ——

1,110 — —

3,000 ——

1.200 — —

1.200 ——

1.200 -

1.200 ——

1,200 -

1,200 ——

l,2CO — —

1,200 ——

1.230 ——

1,200 ——

1,200 --- — *

1,200 — — 1,200 — . — 1,200 --- —

38 - -

10 ——

50 ——

20 — —

IO --- —

IO — —

IO ——

IO ——

1,850 ——

1,200 ——

500 ——

5 CO ——

5 00 ——

500 — — 500 — —

.85 ——

138 15 —

30 — —

30 ——

30 ——

4 3 4

4 3 4

5 -

585 ——

200 --- —

60 — —

702 ——

34.15® 1 8

Appendix,

(No. !5.)

' zyi June.

Appendix.

A. iSoi

Appendix, (No. 55.) 25*/ June.

ctntiwad.

LIST of Sums of Money incurred upon His Majesty's Eft.iblishment for Civir. Affairs in Scotlano-^/?//^.

Brought forward - - £.

To the Depute Advocate and Clerk on D*, at £. 50 each, for each Circuit

To One Maccr, and Two Trumpeters on D°, at £. 1 o each, for each Circuit -

To the Two Lords of Judiciary on the Wedern Circuit, at £-130 each, for each Circuit -

To the Depute Advocate and Clerk on D®, at £.50. each, for each Circuit -

To One Macer and Two Trumpeters on Dd, at £. 10 each, for each Circuit

To James Montgomery, Esq; Lord Chief Baron of Exchequer -

To the Person deputed to keep the Exchequer Seal -

fTo Fletcher Norton, Esq; at £ 2,065 per Annum, the Deductions being taken from £<. 865 his Additional Salary -

To Sir John DalrympI , Bart. - -

To Archibald Cockburn, Esq; - -

To Cosmo Gordon, Esq; - -

To Sir Patrick Murray, His Majesty's Remembrancer -

To Archibald Ferrier, Esq; Treasurer's Remembrancer -

To James Townsend Oswald, Esq; Auditor of Exchequer -

To James Walker, and John Archibald Murray, Esqrs; Clerks of the Pipe To John Buchan, Esq; Solicitor of Exchequer - - - - j

More to him for Expence of Prosecutions, &c. - - - - J

To James Montgomery, Esq; Presenter of Signatures in Exchequer - -

To Thomas Tod, Esq; Examiner of Exchequer -

To Alexander Gardner, Esq; Mariihall of Exchequer -

[o Henry Mackenzie, Esq; - ..

10 William Walker, Esq; -

To James Sommers, Clerk to Port Bon^ - -

To Adam Longmore, Keeper of the ifegider oERefignations - -

To William Lord Bellcnden, Heretable U/her of the Exchequer, of Additional Salary To Thomas Tod, Esq; Deputy Uftier of Exchequer -

Macers f To William McMiIIan - -

of < To Daniel Stewart - - . -

Exchequer L To John Crooks ... - -

To George Williamson, Messenger of Exchequer - -

Door- f To William Victch - -

keepers £ To William Allan «- - . -

To Will'am Milford, Esq; for faking Care of the Business of the Exchequer in Scotland, at the Treasury in England ——

To Robert Dundas, Esq; His Majesty's Advocate -

To Robert Blair, Esq; His Majesty's Solicitor -

To Andrew Stewart and Robert Dundas, Esqrs; Keepers of the Regider of Seifins in the Shires of Edinburgh, &c. -

To Hugh Warrcnder, Esq; Deputy Keeper of the Signet -

To John Hamilton, Esq; Receiver General, for himself and Clerks

To the Secretaries and Chief Clerks of the Treasury ..

To George Buchan Hepburn, Esq; Judge of the Court of Admiralty

At to roles

CommiiTarics

of

Edinburgh

To Andrew Balfour, Erq;

To Robert Hcdihon Cay, Esq; To George Wallace, Esq;

To John Andruther, Esq;

To Lord Frederick Campbell, His Majesty's Allowance for the Support and Prefer-vatton of the Regider Odice -

Carried forward

11. Tit.

43 5

25 ——

10 ——

10 — —

17 10 — 12 10 —

12 10 —

10 ——

75 ——

30 ——

10 — —

32 10 — 20 — —

5 ——

89+ 15 —

6J. Tar. ✓ PjyT7i*nr<.

£. /. d £. s. d

27I 15 ~ .34,152 f 8

- 200

- 60 — —

15 5*5

- 200

- 60 —

- 3,000 —

2 IO 92 IO —

2112 6 2,000 2 6

- I,2CO — —

- 1,2CO — —

- 1,200

12 IO j 462 10 —

» — 185

j 30 1,no — —

5 185 —

3 10 — 129 10 —

- 800 — —

5 — 185 —

- 50

1 78 —

8 15 - 323 15 —

6 5- 231 5 —

- 40

- 40

6 5 — 231 s —

- 50

- 50

- 5° J

- 50

- 6 13 4

- *5

. - 15

5 — — ,85

1 0 ts 1 0 00

15 555

s 1S5 - -

2 IO — 92 10 —

16 5 — 601 5 —

- 100 — —

10 — — 37°

a 10 — 92 10 —

2 10 — 92 10 —

2 10 — 92 10 —

2 IO — 92 10 —

- 500 — —

496 7 6 5Ms3 *7 6

LIST of Sums of Money incurrred upon His Majesty's Establishment for Civil Affairs in Scotlan d — continued.

Heralds -

Purfuivants -

Brought forward

To Sir James Erskine, Director of the Chancellary - -

To Robert Auriol Drummond Hay Earl of Kinnoull, Lion King of Arms pTo Thomas Husband -

) To Kenneth MrKenrie -

I To James Mitchell

[To Robert Grant . i -

| To James Lawrie -

[To James Gcddes - - *

I To John Grieve

I To Robert Thomson - -

f To David Anderson -

To Alexander Law -

To Alexander Moir, Esq; Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Aberdeen -To Edward McCormick, Esq; for Air -

To Robert Campbell, Esq; for Argyle -

To John Swinton, Esq; for Berwick -

To James Urquhart, Esq, for Banff r

To John James Edmontlonc, Esq; for Bute -

To James Traill, Esq; for Caithness and Sutherland To James Clerk, Esq; for Edinburgh -To Robert Craigie, Esq; for Dumfries -To James Colquhoun, Esq; for Dumbarton -To George Abercromby, Esq; for Elgin and Nairn To Niel Fergufon, Esq; for Fife and Kinross -To Patrick Chalmers, Esq; for Forfar - *

To Simon Frafer, Esq; for Inverness -To Alexander Burnet, Esq; for Kincardine -

To Alexander Gordon, Eft}; for Kirkcudbright -To Robert Hamilton, Esq; for Lanerk

To David Home, Esq; for Linlithgow -

To William Law, Esq; for Haddington *

To Charles Hope, Esq; for Orkney and Zetland -To James Wolf Murray, Esq; for Peebles -

To Archibald Campbell, Esq; for Perth -To John Connell, Esq; for Renfiew To William Oliver, Esq; for Roxburgh -

To Donald McLcod, Esq; Sheriff Depute for Ross and Cromarty -To Andrew Plummer, Esq; for Selkirk -

To David Williamson, Esq; for Stirling and Clackmannan - .

To John Bushby Maitland, Esq; for Wigton or Galloway -

To Mr, David Morrice, Sheriff Substitute of the Shire of Aberdeen

To Mr. George Forbes, for Banff -

To Mr. John Murdoch, for Air -

To Mr. Lauchlan Campbell, for Inverary -

To Mr. Duncan Campbell, for Campbelltown -

To Mr. Robert Stewart, for Argyleshire, Tobermory

To Mr. Archibald Moore, for Bute -

To Mr. William Brodie, for Wick and Thurso -

To Mr, Hugh McCulloch, for Danock - -

To Mr. John Rose. for Tongue -

To Mr. George Maxwell, for Dumfries -

To Mr. John Gray, for Dumbarton -

To Mr. Alexander Christic, for Berwick -

Carried forward - - £.

Vo u56.

I s. Tax. 6d. Tax. Payments.

£ ' £ d. £ > d-

894 15 — 496 7 6 $2,583 17 6

1 5 — - 23 15 —

30 15 1 1 vs vs

- - , - 25

- - 25

- - 25

- - 25

- - 16 13 4

- - 16 13 4

- - 16 13 4

- - 16 13 4

- - 16 ij 4

- - 16 13 4

12 10 — 6 5 - 231 5 —

12 10 — 6 5 — 231 5 —

15 7 10 — 277 10 —

10 5 185

IO 5 185

IO — — 5 185--

12 IO — 6 5- 231 5 —

25 12 10 — 462 to —

12 IO — 6 5 — 231 5 —

IO 5 185 --

10 5 185 — —

12 10 — 6 5 231 5 —

10 5 185

15 7 10 — 277 10 —

10 — — 5 185

10 5 185

12 IO — 6 5 — 231 5 —

10 — — 5 185 — —

IO 5 «s--

12 IO — 6 5 — s3* S —

IO .5 iSS

I5 7 id — 277 10 —

IO 5 185

10 5 185 - -

15 — 7 10 — 277 10 —

10 — — s .85

12 IO — 6 5" 231 $ —

IO 5 — — 185

- 1 10 — 58 10 —

- 1 10 — 58 10 —

1 10 58 10 —

- i 10 58 10 —

- - 5°

- - 35

- 50

- - So

- - 50 — —

- 5°

- 1 10 — 58 10 —

- - 50

« 1 10 — 58 10 —

1,261 — — 687 17 6 10 S 60,226 1 6

Appendix, (No. 55.) 2 3</ June.

contirued.

Appendix, (No. 55.) 23d June, continued.

Appendix.

A. 1801

LIST of Sums of Mon* y incurred upon His Majesty's Establishment for Civil Affairs in Scotland — continued.

Brought forward - -

To Mr. Henry Davidson, for Edinburgh ——

To Mr. George Fenton, for Elgin ——

To Mr. Alexander Inglis, for Nairn ——

To Mr. Walter Scott, for Lerwick ——

To Mr. Robert Meldrum, for Cupar in Fife - - -

To Mr. James Steedman, for Kinross

To Mr. Peter Rankin, for Forfar.

To Mr. Thomas Fairbairn, for Haddington -

To Mr. Thomas Gilzean, for Inverness ——

To Mr. John McDonald, for Skye - -

To Mr. Colin Campbell, for Fort William ——

To Mr. James Gordon, for Kirkcudbright....

To Mr. James StracUan, for Kincardine ——

To Mr. Robert Graham, for Glasgow -

To Mr. Archibald Burns, for Hamilton ——

To Mr. John Bannalyne, for Lanerk ——

To Mr. James Taylor, for Linlithgow ——

To Mr. Robert Nicolson, for Orkney ——

To Mr. James Reid, for Peebles -To Mr. James Chalmers, for Perth -

To Mr. John Coldstream, for Dumblane ——

To Mr. David Hutchison, for Renfrew ——

To Mr. John Shortreid, for Roxburgh ——

To Mr. George Monro, for Stornoway ——

To Mr. John Barclay, for Tain ——

To Mr. George Mackenzie, for Dingwall ——

To Mr. Andrew Henderson, for Selkirk ——

To Mr. John Mf Gibbon, for Stirling

To Mr. John B»uce, for Clackmannan ——

To Mr. William McConnell, for Wigton or Galloway ——

To Lord Bellenden, Heretable Ulher of Exchequer, of old Salary, but not on the Establishment for Year from id January 1800 to ill January 1801, his Lordship not having made up Titles by Service to the late Lord Bellenden -

To Two of His Majesty's Heralds, vacant ——

Total Yearly Establishment, from ift January 1800 7 to 1 ft January 1801 ——

To the Equivalent Company, from III January 1800 to ill January 1801, per Act 5 Geo. I. Cap. 20 ——

To the Trustees for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, per said Act 5 Geo. I. Cap. 20 ——

To the Sheriffs and Stewards Depute in Scotland, in Payment of the Surplusages on their Accounts, Year ended at Whitsunday 1800, per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 66 -To James Clerk, Esq. Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Edinburgh, of Imprest for the Public Service, but deduded from his Yearly Account passed in Exchequer

Total

t». Tax.

C ' '*

— 11 6

1,261 11 6

1,261 11 6

6<t. Tax.

£ ' d.

6S7 17 6

2 IO I IO

I IO I 10

I IO —

I IO

lS

1 10 —

1 15 —

I IO —

I 15 —

1 IO

1 IO I IO

710 12 6

710 12 6

Payments.

60,226 2 .6

97 10 — 58 40 —

30 ——

58 IO — 58 10 —

30 ——

58 10 —

JO ——

58 10 — 68 5-

3S ——

58 to —

50 ——

68 5 —

30 ——

50 ——

50 ——

58 10 —

50 ——

68 5 —

40 ——

SO ——

58 10 —

50 ——

5o ——

50 ——

50 ——

58 10 —

3° ——

58 io —

10 18 6 50 ——

61,889 6 —

10,600 — — 2,000 — — 3.785 14 2T\ 400 — —

*78,675 —

Exchequer Chambers, Edinburgh, 8th June 1801.

1

Examined and Certified by

Francis Anderson, Depr Aud*.

In the Account presented on the 29th Day of April lad, the Amount of the Expence of the Civil Government of Scotland was Hated (as then received from Scotland) in one Total, without the particular Items, at - - - - £.78,206. 15J. 3 d.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers June 23d 801,

N. Vansittart.

41 Geo. III.

Appendix.

897

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums of MONEY advanced by Way of LOAN, or SUBSIDY, to different States, from the Commencement of the Present War; together with an Account of the Interest received on such Sums as have been advanced by Way of Loan.

x. - — - C y. d.

There was issued for the Service of Prussia, in the Year 1794 - - 1*223,891 10 6

- - - - D® - - - - of Sardinia, in 1793, 4, 5, and 6 - - f 500,000 — —

- - - - D® - - - - of the Emperor, in 1795 and 6 - 6,220,000 — — -

- - - - D® - - - - D* - - in 1797 - - 700,000* — —

«» - D® - - of Portugal - in 1797 - - 247,205 — — '

- - 120,013 l3 ~

of Russia - - in 1799 - - - . 825,000 — —

- - - - D# - - - - of the Emperor, Elector of Bavaria, Stc. - - 500,000 — —

- - - - D° - - m - of the Emperor - 0 1,066,666 13 4

- - m - D° - - - - of Russia - - - 8 - 545>494

- - - - D° - m - - of Bavaria - - 501,017 6 —

- - - D° - - - - of the Emperor, to enable his Imperial Majesty to replace* 1 a H

Magazines which had been taken by the Enemy at Stochach 1 150,000 — —

£ 12*599,288 2 10

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 June 29th 1801. 3

Appendix, (No. 56.) 2 $tb June.

N. Vansittart.

+ The Subsidies voted for the King of Sardinia amount to £. 600,000, of which £. 100,000 remaining uniftued; a Payment has been made since the Moiith of October 1800 to the Agent of his Sardinian Majesty, at the Rate of £.4,000 per Month.

Part of Grant of £. 1,500,000.

f Part of Grant of £. 566,688. 10. 0*

Memm.

A Sum of JT. 153,968. 13. 4. which appears in the Account presented to the House of Commons of the Distribution of the Vote of Credit for £. 1,400,000 for the Year 1800, to have been issued for the Service of the Queen of Portugal, wak furnished in various Supplies of Military Stores.

The Interest received on the above-mentioned Loans to the Emperor of Germany, amounts to ----- £-98s»573« *9* *

Vol. 56.

[INDEX removed.]

